---
layout: "alicloud"
page_title: "Provider: alicloud"
sidebar_current: "docs-alicloud-index"
description: |-
  The Alicloud provider is used to interact with many resources supported by Alicloud. The provider needs to be configured with the proper credentials before it can be used.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# Alibaba Cloud Provider

~> **News:** Currently, Alibaba Cloud has published [Terraform Module Web GUI](https://api.aliyun.com/#/cli?tool=Terraform) to
 help developers to use Terraform Module more simply and conveniently. Welcome to access it and let us know your more requirements!

The Alibaba Cloud provider is used to interact with the
many resources supported by [Alibaba Cloud](https://www.alibabacloud.com). The provider needs to be configured
with the proper credentials before it can be used.

Use the navigation on the left to read about the available resources.

-> **Note:** From version 1.50.0, the provider start to support Terraform 0.12.x.


## Example Usage

```hcl
# Configure the Alicloud Provider
provider "alicloud" {
  access_key = "${var.access_key}"
  secret_key = "${var.secret_key}"
  region     = "${var.region}"
}

data "alicloud_instance_types" "c2g4" {
  cpu_core_count = 2
  memory_size    = 4
}

data "alicloud_images" "default" {
  name_regex  = "^ubuntu"
  most_recent = true
  owners      = "system"
}

# Create a web server
resource "alicloud_instance" "web" {
  image_id             = "${data.alicloud_images.default.images.0.id}"
  internet_charge_type = "PayByBandwidth"

  instance_type        = "${data.alicloud_instance_types.c2g4.instance_types.0.id}"
  system_disk_category = "cloud_efficiency"
  security_groups      = ["${alicloud_security_group.default.id}"]
  instance_name        = "web"
  vswitch_id           = "vsw-abc12345"
}

# Create security group
resource "alicloud_security_group" "default" {
  name        = "default"
  description = "default"
  vpc_id      = "vpc-abc12345"
}
```

## Authentication

The Alicloud provider accepts several ways to enter credentials for authentication.
The following methods are supported, in this order, and explained below:

- Static credentials
- Environment variables
- Shared credentials/configuration file  
- ECS Role
- Assume role
- Sidecar Credentials

### Static credentials

Static credentials can be provided by adding `accessKey`, `secretKey` and `region` in-line in the
alicloud provider block:

Usage:

```typescript
import * as constructs from "constructs";
import * as cdktf from "cdktf";
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as alicloud from "./.gen/providers/alicloud";
class MyConvertedCode extends cdktf.TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: constructs.Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    new alicloud.provider.AlicloudProvider(this, "alicloud", {
      accessKey: accessKey.stringValue,
      region: region.stringValue,
      secretKey: secretKey.stringValue,
    });
  }
}

```

### Environment variables

You can provide your credentials via `alicloudAccessKey` and `alicloudSecretKey`
environment variables, representing your Alicloud access key and secret key respectively.
`alicloudRegion` is also used, if applicable:

```typescript
import * as constructs from "constructs";
import * as cdktf from "cdktf";
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as alicloud from "./.gen/providers/alicloud";
class MyConvertedCode extends cdktf.TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: constructs.Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    new alicloud.provider.AlicloudProvider(this, "alicloud", {});
  }
}

```

Usage:

```shell
$ export ALICLOUD_ACCESS_KEY="anaccesskey"
$ export ALICLOUD_SECRET_KEY="asecretkey"
$ export ALICLOUD_REGION="cn-beijing"
$ terraform plan
```

### Shared Credentials File

You can use an [Alibaba Cloud credentials or configuration file](https://www.alibabacloud.com/help/doc-detail/110341.htm) to specify your credentials. The default location is `$home/Aliyun/configJson` on Linux and macOS, or `"%userprofile%\Aliyun/configJson"` on Windows. You can optionally specify a different location in the Terraform configuration by providing the `sharedCredentialsFile` argument or using the `alicloudSharedCredentialsFile` environment variable. This method also supports a `profile` configuration and matching `alicloudProfile` environment variable:

Usage:

```typescript
import * as constructs from "constructs";
import * as cdktf from "cdktf";
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as alicloud from "./.gen/providers/alicloud";
class MyConvertedCode extends cdktf.TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: constructs.Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    new alicloud.provider.AlicloudProvider(this, "alicloud", {
      profile: "customprofile",
      region: "cn-hangzhou",
      sharedCredentialsFile: "/Users/tf_user/.aliyun/creds",
    });
  }
}

```

### ECS Role

If you're running Terraform from an ECS instance with RAM Instance using RAM Role,
Terraform will just access
the metadata URL: `http://100100100200/latest/metaData/ram/securityCredentials/<ecsRoleName>`
to obtain the STS credential.
Refer to details [Access other Cloud Product APIs by the Instance RAM Role](https://www.alibabacloud.com/help/doc-detail/54579.htm).

This is a preferred approach over any other when running in ECS as you can avoid
hard coding credentials. Instead these are leased on-the-fly by Terraform
which reduces the chance of leakage.


Usage:

```typescript
import * as constructs from "constructs";
import * as cdktf from "cdktf";
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as alicloud from "./.gen/providers/alicloud";
class MyConvertedCode extends cdktf.TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: constructs.Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    new alicloud.provider.AlicloudProvider(this, "alicloud", {
      ecsRoleName: "terraform-provider-alicloud",
      region: region.stringValue,
    });
  }
}

```

-> **NOTE:** At present, the [MNS Resources](https://www.terraform.io/docs/providers/alicloud/r/mns_queue) does not support ECS Role Credential.

### Assume role

If provided with a role ARN, Terraform will attempt to assume this role using the supplied credentials.

Usage:

```typescript
import * as constructs from "constructs";
import * as cdktf from "cdktf";
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as alicloud from "./.gen/providers/alicloud";
class MyConvertedCode extends cdktf.TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: constructs.Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    new alicloud.provider.AlicloudProvider(this, "alicloud", {
      assumeRole: {
        policy: "POLICY",
        roleArn: "acs:ram::ACCOUNT_ID:role/ROLE_NAME",
        sessionExpiration: 999,
        sessionName: "SESSION_NAME",
      },
    });
  }
}

```

### Sidecar Credentials

You can deploy a sidecar to storage alibaba cloud credentials. Then, you can optionally specify a credentials URI in the Terraform configuration by providing the `credentialsUri` argument or using the `alicloudCredentialsUri` environment variable to get the credentials automatically. The Sidecar Credentials is available in v1.141.0+.

Usage:

```typescript
import * as constructs from "constructs";
import * as cdktf from "cdktf";
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as alicloud from "./.gen/providers/alicloud";
class MyConvertedCode extends cdktf.TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: constructs.Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    new alicloud.provider.AlicloudProvider(this, "alicloud", {
      credentialsUri: "<Your-Credential-URI>",
      region: "cn-hangzhou",
    });
  }
}

```

### Custom User-Agent Information

By default, the underlying AlibabaCloud client used by the Terraform AliCloud Provider creates requests with User-Agent headers including information about Terraform and AlibabaCloud Go SDK versions. 
To provide additional information in the User-Agent headers, the provider variable `configurationSource` or `tfAppendUserAgent` environment variable can be set and its value will be directly added to HTTP requests.

Usage:

```typescript
import * as constructs from "constructs";
import * as cdktf from "cdktf";
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as alicloud from "./.gen/providers/alicloud";
class MyConvertedCode extends cdktf.TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: constructs.Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    new alicloud.provider.AlicloudProvider(this, "alicloud", {
      configurationSource: "ArgoAgent/argo-12345678 NodeID/1234",
      region: "cn-hangzhou",
    });
  }
}

```

or

```shell
$ export TF_APPEND_USER_AGENT="ArgoAgent/argo-12345678 NodeID/1234 (Optional Extra Information)"
```

## Argument Reference

In addition to [generic `provider` arguments](https://www.terraform.io/docs/configuration/providers.html)
(e.g. `alias` and `version`), the following arguments are supported in the Alibaba Cloud
 `provider` block:

* `accessKey` - This is the Alicloud access key. It must be provided, but
  it can also be sourced from the `alicloudAccessKey` environment variable, or via
  a dynamic access key if `ecsRoleName` is specified.

* `secretKey` - This is the Alicloud secret key. It must be provided, but
  it can also be sourced from the `alicloudSecretKey` environment variable, or via
  a dynamic secret key if `ecsRoleName` is specified.

* `securityToken` - Alicloud [Security Token Service](https://www.alibabacloud.com/help/doc-detail/66222.html).
  It can be sourced from the `alicloudSecurityToken` environment variable,  or via
  a dynamic security token if `ecsRoleName` is specified.

* `ecsRoleName` - "The RAM Role Name attached on a ECS instance for API operations. You can retrieve this from the 'Access Control' section of the Alibaba Cloud console.",

* `region` - This is the Alicloud region. It must be provided, but
  it can also be sourced from the `alicloudRegion` environment variables.

* `accountId` - (Optional) Alibaba Cloud Account ID. It is used by the Function Compute service and to connect router interfaces.
  If not provided, the provider will attempt to retrieve it automatically with [STS GetCallerIdentity](https://www.alibabacloud.com/help/doc-detail/43767.htm).
  It can be sourced from the `alicloudAccountId` environment variable.

* `sharedCredentialsFile` - (Optional, Available in 1.49.0+) This is the path to the shared credentials file. It can also be sourced from the `alicloudSharedCredentialsFile` environment variable. If this is not set and a profile is specified, ~/.aliyun/config.json will be used.

* `profile` - (Optional, Available in 1.49.0+) This is the Alicloud profile name as set in the shared credentials file. It can also be sourced from the `alicloudProfile` environment variable.

* `assumeRole` - (Optional) An `assumeRole` block (documented below). Only one `assumeRole` block may be in the configuration.

* `endpoints` - (Optional) An `endpoints` block (documented below) to support custom endpoints.

* `skipRegionValidation` - (Optional, Available in 1.52.0+) Skip static validation of region ID. Used by users of alternative AlibabaCloud-like APIs or users w/ access to regions that are not public (yet).

* `configurationSource` - (Optional, Available in 1.56.0+) Use a string to mark a configuration file source, like `terraformAlicloudModules/terraformAlicloudEcsInstance` or `terraformProviderAlicloud/examples/vpc`.
The length should not more than 64. From the version 1.145.0+, it supports to be set by environment variable `tfAppendUserAgent`. See `Custom User-Agent Information`.

* `protocol` - (Optional, Available in 1.72.0+) The Protocol of used by API request. Valid values: `http` and `https`. Default to `https`. 

* `clientReadTimeout` - (Optional, Available in 1.125.0+) The maximum timeout in millisecond second of the client read request. Default to 60000.

* `clientConnectTimeout` - (Optional, Available in 1.125.0+) The maximum timeout in millisecond second of the client connection server. Default to 60000.

* `maxRetryTimeout` - (Optional, Available in 1.183.0+) The maximum retry timeout in second of the request. Default to `0`.

The nested `assumeRole` block supports the following:

* `roleArn` - (Required) The ARN of the role to assume. If ARN is set to an empty string, it does not perform role switching. It supports environment variable `alicloudAssumeRoleArn`.
  Terraform executes configuration on account with provided credentials.

* `policy` - (Optional) A more restrictive policy to apply to the temporary credentials. This gives you a way to further restrict the permissions for the resulting temporary
  security credentials. You cannot use the passed policy to grant permissions that are in excess of those allowed by the access policy of the role that is being assumed.

* `sessionName` - (Optional) The session name to use when assuming the role. If omitted, 'terraform' is passed to the AssumeRole call as session name. It supports environment variable `alicloudAssumeRoleSessionName`.

* `sessionExpiration` - (Optional) The time after which the established session for assuming role expires. Valid value range: [900-43200] seconds. Default to 3600 (in this case Alicloud use own default value). It supports environment variable `alicloudAssumeRoleSessionExpiration`.

* `credentialsUri` - (Optional, Available in 1.141.0+) The URI of sidecar credentials service. It can also be sourced from the `alicloudCredentialsUri` environment variable.
  
Nested `endpoints` block supports the following:

**NOTE:** Due to certain API restrictions, the endpoints pointing to the area should be consistent with the `regionId`.

* `ecs` - (Optional) Use this to override the default endpoint URL constructed from the `region`. It's typically used to connect to custom ECS endpoints.

* `rds` - (Optional) Use this to override the default endpoint URL constructed from the `region`. It's typically used to connect to custom RDS endpoints.

* `slb` - (Optional) Use this to override the default endpoint URL constructed from the `region`. It's typically used to connect to custom SLB endpoints.

* `vpc` - (Optional) Use this to override the default endpoint URL constructed from the `region`. It's typically used to connect to custom VPC and VPN endpoints.

* `cbn` - (Optional) Use this to override the default endpoint URL constructed from the `region`. It's typically used to connect to custom CEN endpoints.

* `ess` - (Optional) Use this to override the default endpoint URL constructed from the `region`. It's typically used to connect to custom Autoscaling endpoints.

* `oss` - (Optional) Use this to override the default endpoint URL constructed from the `region`. It's typically used to connect to custom OSS endpoints.

* `dns` - (Optional) Use this to override the default endpoint URL constructed from the `region`. It's typically used to connect to custom DNS endpoints.

* `ram` - (Optional) Use this to override the default endpoint URL constructed from the `region`. It's typically used to connect to custom RAM endpoints.

* `cs` - (Optional) Use this to override the default endpoint URL constructed from the `region`. It's typically used to connect to custom Container Service endpoints.

* `cr` - (Optional) Use this to override the default endpoint URL constructed from the `region`. It's typically used to connect to custom Container Registry endpoints.

* `cdn` - (Optional) Use this to override the default endpoint URL constructed from the `region`. It's typically used to connect to custom CDN endpoints.

* `kms` - (Optional) Use this to override the default endpoint URL constructed from the `region`. It's typically used to connect to custom KMS endpoints.

* `ots` - (Optional) Use this to override the default endpoint URL constructed from the `region`. It's typically used to connect to custom Table Store endpoints.

* `cms` - (Optional) Use this to override the default endpoint URL constructed from the `region`. It's typically used to connect to custom Cloud Monitor endpoints.

* `pvtz` - (Optional) Use this to override the default endpoint URL constructed from the `region`. It's typically used to connect to custom Private Zone endpoints.

* `sts` - (Optional) Use this to override the default endpoint URL constructed from the `region`. It's typically used to connect to custom STS endpoints.

* `log` - (Optional) Use this to override the default endpoint URL constructed from the `region`. It's typically used to connect to custom Log Service endpoints.

* `drds` - (Optional) Use this to override the default endpoint URL constructed from the `region`. It's typically used to connect to custom DRDS endpoints.

* `dds` - (Optional) Use this to override the default endpoint URL constructed from the `region`. It's typically used to connect to custom MongoDB endpoints.

* `gpdb` - (Optional) Use this to override the default endpoint URL constructed from the `region`. It's typically used to connect to custom GPDB endpoints.

* `kvstore` - (Optional) Use this to override the default endpoint URL constructed from the `region`. It's typically used to connect to custom R-KVStore endpoints.

* `fc` - (Optional) Use this to override the default endpoint URL constructed from the `region`. It's typically used to connect to custom Function Computing endpoints.

* `apigateway` - (Optional) Use this to override the default endpoint URL constructed from the `region`. It's typically used to connect to custom Api Gateway endpoints.

* `datahub` - (Optional) Use this to override the default endpoint URL constructed from the `region`. It's typically used to connect to custom Datahub endpoints.

* `mns` - (Optional) Use this to override the default endpoint URL constructed from the `region`. It's typically used to connect to custom MNS endpoints.

* `location` - (Optional) Use this to override the default endpoint URL constructed from the `region`. It's typically used to connect to custom Location Service endpoints.",

* `nas` - (Optional) Use this to override the default endpoint URL constructed from the `region`. It's typically used to connect to custom nas Service endpoints.",

* `actiontrail` - (Optional) Use this to override the default endpoint URL constructed from the `region`. It's typically used to connect to custom actiontrail Service endpoints.",

* `cas` - (Optional) Use this to override the default endpoint URL constructed from the `region`. It's typically used to connect to custom CAS endpoints.

* `bssopenapi` - (Optional) Use this to override the default endpoint URL constructed from the `region`. It's typically used to connect to custom BSSOPENAPI endpoints.

* `ddoscoo` - (Optional) Use this to override the default endpoint URL constructed from the `region`. It's typically used to connect to custom BGP-Line Anti-DDoS Pro endpoints.

* `market` - (Optional) Use this to override the default endpoint URL constructed from the `region`. It's typically used to connect to custom Market endpoints.

* `cddc` - (Optional) Use this to override the default endpoint URL constructed from the `region`. It's typically used to connect to custom ApsaraDB for MyBase endpoints.

* `ehpc` - (Optional) Use this to override the default endpoint URL constructed from the `region`. It's typically used to connect to custom Elastic High Performance Computing endpoints.

* `mscsub` - (Optional) Use this to override the default endpoint URL constructed from the `region`. It's typically used to connect to custom Message Center endpoints.

* `hitsdb` - (Optional) Use this to override the default endpoint URL constructed from the `region`. It's typically used to connect to custom Lindorm endpoints.

* `sddp` - (Optional) Use this to override the default endpoint URL constructed from the `region`. It's typically used to connect to custom Data Security Center endpoints.

* `sas` - (Optional) Use this to override the default endpoint URL constructed from the `region`. It's typically used to connect to custom Security Center endpoints.

* `dts` - (Optional) Use this to override the default endpoint URL constructed from the `region`. It's typically used to connect to custom Data Transmission endpoints.

* `ens` - (Optional) Use this to override the default endpoint URL constructed from the `region`. It's typically used to connect to custom ens endpoints.

* `alidfs` - (Optional) Use this to override the default endpoint URL constructed from the `region`. It's typically used to connect to custom Apsara File Storage for HDFS endpoints.

* `arms` - (Optional) Use this to override the default endpoint URL constructed from the `region`. It's typically used to connect to custom Application Real-Time Monitoring Service endpoints.

* `bastionhost` - (Optional) Use this to override the default endpoint URL constructed from the `region`. It's typically used to connect to custom Bastion Host endpoints.

* `waf` - (Optional) Use this to override the default endpoint URL constructed from the `region`. It's typically used to connect to custom Web Application Firewall endpoints.

* `alb` - (Optional) Use this to override the default endpoint URL constructed from the `region`. It's typically used to connect to custom Application Load Balancer endpoints.

* `hbr` - (Optional) Use this to override the default endpoint URL constructed from the `region`. It's typically used to connect to custom Hybrid Backup Recovery endpoints.

* `dataworkspublic` - - (Optional) Use this to override the default endpoint URL constructed from the `region`. It's typically used to connect to custom Data Works endpoints.

* `cloudfw` - (Optional) Use this to override the default endpoint URL constructed from the `region`. It's typically used to connect to custom Cloud Firewall endpoints.

* `dm` - (Optional) Use this to override the default endpoint URL constructed from the `region`. It's typically used to connect to custom Direct Mail endpoints.

* `eais` - (Optional) Use this to override the default endpoint URL constructed from the `region`. It's typically used to connect to custom Elastic Accelerated Computing Instances endpoints.

* `dg` - (Optional) Use this to override the default endpoint URL constructed from the `region`. It's typically used to connect to custom Database Gateway endpoints.

* `imm` - (Optional) Use this to override the default endpoint URL constructed from the `region`. It's typically used to connect to custom Intelligent Media Management endpoints.

* `iot` - (Optional) Use this to override the default endpoint URL constructed from the `region`. It's typically used to connect to custom Internet of Things endpoints.

* `vod` - (Optional) Use this to override the default endpoint URL constructed from the `region`. It's typically used to connect to custom VOD endpoints.

* `gds` - (Optional) Use this to override the default endpoint URL constructed from the `region`. It's typically used to connect to custom Graph Database endpoints.

* `swas` - (Optional) Use this to override the default endpoint URL constructed from the `region`. It's typically used to connect to custom Simple Application Server endpoints.

* `opensearch` - (Optional) Use this to override the default endpoint URL constructed from the `region`. It's typically used to connect to custom Open Search endpoints.

* `clickhouse` - (Optional) Use this to override the default endpoint URL constructed from the `region`. It's typically used to connect to custom Click House endpoints.

* `vs` - (Optional) Use this to override the default endpoint URL constructed from the `region`. It's typically used to connect to custom Video Surveillance System endpoints.

* `quickbi` - (Optional) Use this to override the default endpoint URL constructed from the `region`. It's typically used to connect to custom Quick BI endpoints.

* `cloudsso` - (Optional) Use this to override the default endpoint URL constructed from the `region`. It's typically used to connect to custom Cloud SSO endpoints.

* `edas` - (Optional) Use this to override the default endpoint URL constructed from the `region`. It's typically used to connect to custom EDAS endpoints.

## Testing

Credentials must be provided via the `alicloudAccessKey`, `alicloudSecretKey` and `alicloudRegion` environment variables in order to run acceptance tests.

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-d0ad7bcd57658f690e5195e58cb2d0623cbcc4b3fca8d2f25c5fc57dcb075afe -->