---
subcategory: "Cassandra"
layout: "alicloud"
page_title: "Alicloud: alicloud_cassandra_clusters"
sidebar_current: "docs-alicloud-datasource-cassandra-clusters"
description: |-
    Provides a collection of Cassandra clusters according to the specified filters.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# alicloud\_cassandra\_clusters

The `alicloud_cassandra_clusters` data source provides a collection of Cassandra clusters available in Alicloud account.
Filters support regular expression for the cluster name, ids or tags.

-> **NOTE:**  Available in 1.88.0+.

## Example Usage

```python
import constructs as constructs
import cdktf as cdktf
# Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
# See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.
import ...gen.providers.alicloud as alicloud
class MyConvertedCode(cdktf.TerraformStack):
    def __init__(self, scope, name):
        super().__init__(scope, name)
        alicloud.data_alicloud_cassandra_clusters.DataAlicloudCassandraClusters(self, "cassandra",
            name_regex="tf_testAccCassandra"
        )
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name_regex` - (Optional) A regex string to apply to the cluster name.
* `ids` - (Optional) The list of Cassandra cluster ids.
* `tags` - (Optional, Available in 1.73.0) A mapping of tags to assign to the resource.
* `output_file` - (Optional) The name of file that can save the collection of clusters after running `terraform plan`.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported in addition to the arguments listed above:
* `ids` - The list of Cassandra cluster ids.
* `names` - The name list of Cassandra clusters.
* `clusters` - A list of Cassandra clusters. Its every element contains the following attributes:
  * `id` - The ID of the Cassandra cluster.
  * `cluster_id` - The ID of the Cassandra cluster.
  * `cluster_name` - The name of the Cassandra cluster.
  * `major_version` - The major version of the cluster.
  * `minor_version` - The minor version of the cluster.
  * `lock_mode` - The lock mode of the cluster.
  * `data_center_count` - The count of data centers
  * `pay_type` - Billing method. Value options are `Subscription` for Pay-As-You-Go and `PayAsYouGo` for yearly or monthly subscription.
  * `status` - Status of the cluster.
  * `create_time` - The create time of the cluster.
  * `expire_time` - The expire time of the cluster.
  * `tags` - A mapping of tags to assign to the resource.

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-7980ba7a0d15f962eeb4b95dd18559739e16bfeb5bad3a0b9e90dac07a847e0c -->