---
subcategory: "Compute Nest"
layout: "alicloud"
page_title: "Alicloud: alicloud_compute_nest_service_instances"
sidebar_current: "docs-alicloud-datasource-compute-nest-service-instances"
description: |-
  Provides a list of Compute Nest Service Instances to the user.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# alicloud\_compute\_nest\_service\_instances

This data source provides the Compute Nest Service Instances of the current Alibaba Cloud user.

-> **NOTE:** Available in v1.205.0+.

## Example Usage

Basic Usage

```python
import constructs as constructs
import cdktf as cdktf
# Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
# See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.
import ...gen.providers.alicloud as alicloud
class MyConvertedCode(cdktf.TerraformStack):
    def __init__(self, scope, name):
        super().__init__(scope, name)
        data_alicloud_compute_nest_service_instances_ids =
        alicloud.data_alicloud_compute_nest_service_instances.DataAlicloudComputeNestServiceInstances(self, "ids",
            ids=["example_id"]
        )
        data_alicloud_compute_nest_service_instances_name_regex =
        alicloud.data_alicloud_compute_nest_service_instances.DataAlicloudComputeNestServiceInstances(self, "nameRegex",
            name_regex="tf-example"
        )
        cdktf.TerraformOutput(self, "arms_prometheis_id_1",
            value=cdktf.property_access(data_alicloud_compute_nest_service_instances_ids.service_instances, ["0", "id"])
        )
        cdktf.TerraformOutput(self, "arms_prometheis_id_2",
            value=cdktf.property_access(data_alicloud_compute_nest_service_instances_name_regex.service_instances, ["0", "id"])
        )
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `ids` - (Optional, ForceNew, Computed) A list of Service Instance IDs.
* `name_regex` - (Optional, ForceNew) A regex string to filter results by Service Instance name.
* `status` - (Optional, ForceNew) The status of the Service Instance. Valid Values: `Created`, `Deploying`, `DeployedFailed`, `Deployed`, `Upgrading`, `Deleting`, `Deleted`, `DeletedFailed`.
* `filter` - (Optional, ForceNew) The conditions that are used to filter. See the following `Block filter`.
* `tags` - (Optional, ForceNew) A mapping of tags to assign to the resource.
* `output_file` - (Optional) File name where to save data source results (after running `terraform plan`).

#### Block filter

The filter supports the following:

* `name` - (Optional, ForceNew) The name of the filter. Valid Values: `Name`, `ServiceInstanceName`, `ServiceInstanceId`, `ServiceId`, `Version`, `Status`, `DeployType`, `ServiceType`, `OperationStartTimeBefore`, `OperationStartTimeAfter`, `OperationEndTimeBefore`, `OperationEndTimeAfter`, `OperatedServiceInstanceId`, `OperationServiceInstanceId`, `EnableInstanceOps`.
* `value` - (Optional, ForceNew) Set of values that are accepted for the given field.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported in addition to the arguments listed above:

* `names` - A list of Service Instance names.
* `service_instances` - A list of Service Instances. Each element contains the following attributes:
  * `id` - The ID of the Service Instance.
  * `service_instance_id` - The ID of the Service Instance.
  * `service_instance_name` - The name of the Service Instance.
  * `parameters` - The parameters entered by the deployment service instance.
  * `enable_instance_ops` - Whether the service instance has the O&M function.
  * `template_name` - The name of the template.
  * `operation_start_time` - The start time of O&M.
  * `operation_end_time` - The end time of O&M.
  * `resources` - The list of imported resources.
  * `operated_service_instance_id` - The ID of the imported service instance.
  * `source` - The source of the Service Instance.
  * `service` - Service details.
    * `service_id` - The id of the service.
    * `service_type` - The type of the service.
    * `deploy_type` - The type of the deployment.
    * `supplier_name` - The name of the supplier.
    * `supplier_url` - The url of the supplier.
    * `publish_time` - The time of publish.
    * `version` - The version of the service.
    * `version_name` - The version name of the service.
    * `service_infos` - Service information.
      * `name` - The name of the service.
      * `short_description` - The short description of the service.
      * `image` - The image of the service.
      * `locale` - The locale of the service.
    * `status` - The status of the service.
  * `tags` - The tag of the Service Instance.
  * `status` - The status of the Service Instance.
  
<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-dd60e8ebcbbb57e2e3a55e6e2d13ad09a46689e3dd2dbe7cc8ea76aac964912f -->