---
subcategory: "Container Service for Kubernetes (ACK)"
layout: "alicloud"
page_title: "Alicloud: alicloud_cs_managed_kubernetes_clusters"
sidebar_current: "docs-alicloud-datasource-cs-managed-kubernetes-clusters"
description: |-
  Provides a list of Container Service Managed Kubernetes Clusters to be used by the alicloud_cs_managed_kubernetes_clusters resource.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# alicloud\_cs\_managed\_kubernetes\_clusters

This data source provides a list Container Service Managed Kubernetes Clusters on Alibaba Cloud.

-> **NOTE:** Available in v1.35.0+

-> **NOTE:** From version 1.177.0+, We supported batch export of clusters' kube config information by `kube_config_file_prefix`.

## Example Usage

```python
import constructs as constructs
import cdktf as cdktf
# Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
# See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.
import ...gen.providers.alicloud as alicloud
class MyConvertedCode(cdktf.TerraformStack):
    def __init__(self, scope, name):
        super().__init__(scope, name)
        data_alicloud_cs_managed_kubernetes_clusters_k8_sClusters =
        alicloud.data_alicloud_cs_managed_kubernetes_clusters.DataAlicloudCsManagedKubernetesClusters(self, "k8s_clusters",
            kube_config_file_prefix="~/.kube/managed",
            name_regex="my-first-k8s",
            output_file="my-first-k8s-json"
        )
        cdktf.TerraformOutput(self, "output",
            value=data_alicloud_cs_managed_kubernetes_clusters_k8_sClusters.clusters
        )
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `ids` - (Optional) Cluster IDs to filter.
* `name_regex` - (Optional) A regex string to filter results by cluster name.
* `output_file` - (Optional) File name where to save data source results (after running `terraform plan`).
* `enabled_details` - (Optional) Boolean, false by default, only `id` and `name` are exported. Set to true if more details are needed, e.g., `master_disk_category`, `slb_internet_enabled`, `connections`. See full list in attributes.
* `kube_config_file_prefix` - (Optional, Available in 1.177.0+) The path prefix of kube config. You could store kube config in a specified directory by specifying this field, like `~/.kube/managed`, then it will be named with `~/.kube/managed-clusterID-kubeconfig`. From version 1.187.0+, kube_config will not export kube_config if this field is not set.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported in addition to the arguments listed above:

* `ids` - A list of matched Kubernetes clusters' ids.
* `names` - A list of matched Kubernetes clusters' names.
* `clusters` - A list of matched Kubernetes clusters. Each element contains the following attributes:
  * `id` - The ID of the container cluster.
  * `name` - The name of the container cluster.
  * `availability_zone` - The ID of availability zone.
  * `key_name` - The keypair of ssh login cluster node, you have to create it first.
  * `worker_numbers` - The ECS instance node number in the current container cluster.
  * `vswitch_ids` - The ID of VSwitches where the current cluster is located.
  * `vpc_id` - The ID of VPC where the current cluster is located.
  * `security_group_id` - The ID of security group where the current cluster worker node is located.
  * `nat_gateway_id` - The ID of nat gateway used to launch kubernetes cluster.
  * `worker_nodes` - List of cluster worker nodes. It contains several attributes to `Block Nodes`.
  * `connections` - Map of kubernetes cluster connection information. It contains several attributes to `Block Connections`.
  * `log_config` - A list of one element containing information about the associated log store. It contains the following attributes:
    * `type` - Type of collecting logs.
    * `project` - Log Service project name. 
  * `resource_group_id` - (Optional, ForceNew, Available in 1.101.0+) The ID of the resource group,by default these cloud resources are automatically assigned to the default resource group.
  * `cluster_spec` - (Optional, ForceNew, Available in 1.101.0+) The cluster specifications of kubernetes cluster,which can be empty.Valid values:
    - ack.standard: Standard managed clusters.
    - ack.pro.small: Professional managed clusters.

### Block Nodes

* `id` - ID of the node.
* `name` - Node name.
* `private_ip` - The private IP address of node.
* `role` - (Deprecated from version 1.9.4)

### Block Connections

* `api_server_internet` - API Server Internet endpoint.
* `api_server_intranet` - API Server Intranet endpoint.
* `master_public_ip` - Master node SSH IP address.
* `service_domain` - Service Access Domain.

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-5ed88601923b6479c54addc1f1878a6cb078fcfbbd8f0e917dd754b52468dac5 -->