---
subcategory: "Elasticsearch"
layout: "alicloud"
page_title: "Alicloud: alicloud_elasticsearch_instances"
sidebar_current: "docs-alicloud-datasource-elasticsearch-instances"
description: |-
  Provides a collection of Elasticsearch instances according to the specified filters.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# alicloud\_elasticsearch\_instances

The `alicloud_elasticsearch_instances` data source provides a collection of Elasticsearch instances available in Alicloud account.
Filters support description regex, searches by tags, and other filters which are listed below.

## Example Usage

```python
import constructs as constructs
import cdktf as cdktf
# Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
# See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.
import ...gen.providers.alicloud as alicloud
class MyConvertedCode(cdktf.TerraformStack):
    def __init__(self, scope, name):
        super().__init__(scope, name)
        alicloud.data_alicloud_elasticsearch_instances.DataAlicloudElasticsearchInstances(self, "instances",
            description_regex="myes",
            version="5.5.3_with_X-Pack"
        )
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `description_regex` - (Optional) A regex string to apply to the instance description.
* `ids` - (Optional, Available 1.52.1+) A list of Elasticsearch instance IDs.
* `version` - (Optional) Elasticsearch version. Options are `5.5.3_with_X-Pack`, `6.3.2_with_X-Pack` and `6.7.0_with_X-Pack`. If no value is specified, all versions are returned.
* `tags` - (Optional, Available 1.74.0+) A map of tags assigned to instances.
* `output_file` - (Optional) File name where to save data source results (after running `terraform plan`).

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported in addition to the arguments listed above:

* `ids` - A list of Elasticsearch instance IDs.
* `descriptions` - A list of Elasticsearch instance descriptions.
* `instances` - A list of Elasticsearch instances. Its every element contains the following attributes:
  * `id` - The ID of the Elasticsearch instance.
  * `description` - The description of the Elasticsearch instance.
  * `instance_charge_type` - Billing method. Value options: `PostPaid` for  Pay-As-You-Go and `PrePaid` for subscription.
  * `data_node_amount` - The Elasticsearch cluster's data node quantity, between 2 and 50.
  * `data_node_spec` - The data node specifications of the elasticsearch instance.
  * `data_node_disk_size` - The single data node storage space. Unit: GB.
  * `data_node_disk_type` - The data node disk type. Included values: `cloud_ssd` and `cloud_efficiency`.
  * `vswitch_id` - VSwitch ID the instance belongs to.
  * `version` - Elasticsearch version includes `5.5.3_with_X-Pack`, `6.3.2_with_X-Pack` and `6.7.0_with_X-Pack`.
  * `cerated_at` - The creation time of the instance. It's a GTM format, such as: "2019-01-08T15:50:50.623Z".
  * `updated_at` - The last modified time of the instance. It's a GMT format, such as: "2019-01-08T15:50:50.623Z".
  * `status` - Status of the instance. It includes `active`, `activating`, `inactive`
  * `tags` - A map of tags assigned to the instance.

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-20e3c44c3b31edea14a81313e1ff0fc3b4d6e0097b880dc2106028fc1441909d -->