---
subcategory: "Auto Scaling"
layout: "alicloud"
page_title: "Alicloud: alicloud_ess_scaling_configurations"
sidebar_current: "docs-alicloud_ess_scaling_configurations"
description: |-
    Provides a list of scaling configurations available to the user.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# alicloud_ess_scaling_configurations

This data source provides available scaling configuration resources. 

## Example Usage

```python
import constructs as constructs
import cdktf as cdktf
# Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
# See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.
import ...gen.providers.alicloud as alicloud
class MyConvertedCode(cdktf.TerraformStack):
    def __init__(self, scope, name):
        super().__init__(scope, name)
        data_alicloud_ess_scaling_configurations_scalingconfigurations_ds =
        alicloud.data_alicloud_ess_scaling_configurations.DataAlicloudEssScalingConfigurations(self, "scalingconfigurations_ds",
            ids=["scaling_configuration_id1", "scaling_configuration_id2"],
            name_regex="scaling_configuration_name",
            scaling_group_id="scaling_group_id"
        )
        cdktf.TerraformOutput(self, "first_scaling_rule",
            value=cdktf.property_access(data_alicloud_ess_scaling_configurations_scalingconfigurations_ds.configurations, ["0", "id"])
        )
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `scaling_group_id` - (Optional) Scaling group id the scaling configurations belong to.
* `name_regex` - (Optional) A regex string to filter resulting scaling configurations by name.
* `ids` - (Optional) A list of scaling configuration IDs.
* `output_file` - (Optional) File name where to save data source results (after running `terraform plan`).

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported in addition to the arguments listed above:

* `ids` - A list of scaling configuration ids.
* `names` - A list of scaling configuration names.
* `configurations` - A list of scaling rules. Each element contains the following attributes:
  * `id` - ID of the scaling rule.
  * `scaling_group_id` - ID of the scaling group.
  * `name` - Name of the scaling configuration.
  * `image_id` - Image ID of the scaling configuration.
  * `instance_type` - Instance type of the scaling configuration.
  * `security_group_id` - Security group ID of the scaling configuration.
  * `internet_charge_type` - Internet charge type of the scaling configuration.
  * `internet_max_bandwidth_in` - Internet max bandwidth in of the scaling configuration.
  * `internet_max_bandwidth_out` - Internet max bandwidth of the scaling configuration.
  * `credit_specification` - Performance mode of the t5 burstable instance.
  * `system_disk_category` - System disk category of the scaling configuration.
  * `system_disk_size` - System disk size of the scaling configuration.
  * `system_disk_performance_level` - The performance level of the ESSD used as the system disk.
  * `data_disks` - Data disks of the scaling configuration.
    * `size` - Size of data disk.
    * `category` - Category of data disk.
    * `snapshot_id` - Size of data disk.
    * `device` - Device attribute of data disk.
    * `delete_with_instance` - Delete_with_instance attribute of data disk.
    * `performance_level` - The performance level of the ESSD used as data disk.
  * `lifecycle_state` - Lifecycle state of the scaling configuration.
  * `creation_time` - Creation time of the scaling configuration.
  * `instance_name` - (Optional,Available in 1.143.0+) InstanceName of an ECS instance.
  * `host_name` - (Optional,Available in 1.143.0+) Hostname of an ECS instance.
  * `spot_strategy` - (Optional, Available in 1.151.0+) The spot strategy for a Pay-As-You-Go instance.
  * `spot_price_limit` - (Optional, Available in 1.151.0+) The maximum price hourly for instance types.
    * `instance_type` - Resource type of an ECS instance.
    * `price_limit` - Price limit hourly of instance type.

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-b33e377b82c12236ae8ea7e4b512e186bcfc873aeb5766ce3356dcd6c54488a4 -->