---
subcategory: "Auto Scaling"
layout: "alicloud"
page_title: "Alicloud: alicloud_ess_scaling_groups"
sidebar_current: "docs-alicloud_ess_scaling_groups"
description: |-
    Provides a list of scaling groups available to the user.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# alicloud_ess_scaling_groups

This data source provides available scaling group resources. 

## Example Usage

```python
import constructs as constructs
import cdktf as cdktf
# Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
# See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.
import ...gen.providers.alicloud as alicloud
class MyConvertedCode(cdktf.TerraformStack):
    def __init__(self, scope, name):
        super().__init__(scope, name)
        data_alicloud_ess_scaling_groups_scalinggroups_ds =
        alicloud.data_alicloud_ess_scaling_groups.DataAlicloudEssScalingGroups(self, "scalinggroups_ds",
            ids=["scaling_group_id1", "scaling_group_id2"],
            name_regex="scaling_group_name"
        )
        cdktf.TerraformOutput(self, "first_scaling_group",
            value=cdktf.property_access(data_alicloud_ess_scaling_groups_scalinggroups_ds.groups, ["0", "id"])
        )
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name_regex` - (Optional) A regex string to filter resulting scaling groups by name.
* `ids` - (Optional) A list of scaling group IDs.
* `output_file` - (Optional) File name where to save data source results (after running `terraform plan`).

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported in addition to the arguments listed above:

* `ids` - A list of scaling group ids.
* `names` - A list of scaling group names.
* `groups` - A list of scaling groups. Each element contains the following attributes:
  * `id` - ID of the scaling group.
  * `name` - Name of the scaling group.
  * `active_scaling_configuration` -Active scaling configuration for scaling group.
  * `launch_template_id` - Active launch template ID for scaling group.
  * `launch_template_version` - Version of active launch template.
  * `region_id` - Region ID the scaling group belongs to.
  * `min_size` - The minimum number of ECS instances.
  * `max_size` - The maximum number of ECS instances.
  * `cooldown_time` - Default cooldown time of scaling group.
  * `removal_policies` - Removal policy used to select the ECS instance to remove from the scaling group.
  * `load_balancer_ids` - Slb instances id which the ECS instance attached to.
  * `db_instance_ids` - Db instances id which the ECS instance attached to.
  * `vswitch_ids` - Vswitches id in which the ECS instance launched.
  * `lifecycle_state` - Lifecycle state of scaling group.
  * `vpc_id` - The ID of the VPC to which the scaling group belongs.
  * `vswitch_id` - The ID of the vSwitch to which the scaling group belongs.
  * `health_check_type` - The health check method of the scaling group.
  * `suspended_processes` - The Process in suspension.
  * `group_deletion_protection` - Whether the scaling group deletion protection is enabled.
  * `modification_time` - The modification time.
  * `total_capacity` - Number of instances in scaling group.
  * `total_instance_count` - The number of all ECS instances in the scaling group.
  * `active_capacity` - Number of active instances in scaling group.
  * `pending_capacity` - Number of pending instances in scaling group.
  * `removing_capacity` - Number of removing instances in scaling group.
  * `creation_time` - Creation time of scaling group.
  * `tags` - A mapping of tags to assign to the resource.
  
  

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-5d28446a03c9143ffe773838e5ae001c264e55a10cfb1f5a87102e62dca95862 -->