---
subcategory: "VPC"
layout: "alicloud"
page_title: "Alicloud: alicloud_network_acls"
sidebar_current: "docs-alicloud-datasource-network-acls"
description: |-
  Provides a list of Network Acls to the user.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# alicloud\_network\_acls

This data source provides the Network Acls of the current Alibaba Cloud user.

-> **NOTE:** Available in v1.122.0+.

## Example Usage

Basic Usage

```python
import constructs as constructs
import cdktf as cdktf
# Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
# See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.
import ...gen.providers.alicloud as alicloud
class MyConvertedCode(cdktf.TerraformStack):
    def __init__(self, scope, name):
        super().__init__(scope, name)
        data_alicloud_network_acls_example =
        alicloud.data_alicloud_network_acls.DataAlicloudNetworkAcls(self, "example",
            ids=["example_value"],
            name_regex="the_resource_name"
        )
        cdktf.TerraformOutput(self, "first_network_acl_id",
            value=cdktf.property_access(data_alicloud_network_acls_example.acls, ["0", "id"
            ])
        )
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `ids` - (Optional, ForceNew) A list of Network Acl ID.
* `name_regex` - (Optional, ForceNew) A regex string to filter results by Network Acl name.
* `network_acl_name` - (Optional, ForceNew) The name of the network ACL.
* `output_file` - (Optional) File name where to save data source results (after running `terraform plan`).
* `status` - (Optional, ForceNew) The state of the network ACL. Valid values: `Available` and `Modifying`.
* `vpc_id` - (Optional, ForceNew) The ID of the associated VPC.
* `resource_type` - (Optional, ForceNew) The type of the associated resource. Valid values `VSwitch`. `resource_type` and `resource_id` need to be specified at the same time to take effect.
* `resource_id` - (Optional, ForceNew) The ID of the associated resource.

## Argument Reference

The following attributes are exported in addition to the arguments listed above:

* `names` - A list of Network Acl names.
* `acls` - A list of Network Acls. Each element contains the following attributes:
	* `description` - Description of network ACL information.
	* `egress_acl_entries` - Output direction rule information.
		* `description` - Give the description information of the direction rule.
		* `destination_cidr_ip` - The destination address segment.
		* `network_acl_entry_name` - The name of the entry for the direction rule.
		* `policy` - The  authorization policy.
		* `port` - Destination port range.
		* `protocol` - Transport  layer protocol.
	* `id` - The ID of the Network Acl.
	* `ingress_acl_entries` - Entry direction rule information.
		* `source_cidr_ip` - The source address field.
		* `description` - Description of the entry direction rule.
		* `network_acl_entry_name` - The name of the entry direction rule entry.
		* `policy` - The authorization policy.
		* `port` - Source port range.
		* `protocol` - Transport layer protocol.
	* `network_acl_id` - The first ID of the resource.
	* `network_acl_name` - The name of the network ACL.
	* `resources` - The associated resource.
		* `resource_id` - The ID of the associated resource.
		* `resource_type` - The type of the associated resource.
		* `status` - The state of the associated resource.
	* `status` - The state of the network ACL.
	* `vpc_id` - The ID of the associated VPC.

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-2b88c6fed535534cd54d0d6e7fbd30db6454c96239136cb7e27fb6c7f3abf9a0 -->