---
subcategory: "Private Zone"
layout: "alicloud"
page_title: "Alicloud: alicloud_pvtz_zone_records"
sidebar_current: "docs-alicloud-datasource-pvtz-zone-records"
description: |-
    Provides a list of Private Zone Records which owned by an Alibaba Cloud account.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# alicloud\_pvtz\_zone\_records

This data source provides Private Zone Records resource information owned by an Alibaba Cloud account.

## Example Usage

```
data "alicloud_pvtz_zone_records" "records_ds" {
  zone_id = "${alicloud_pvtz_zone.basic.id}"
  keyword = "${alicloud_pvtz_zone_record.foo.value}"
}

output "first_record_id" {
  value = "${data.alicloud_pvtz_zone_records.records_ds.records.0.id}"
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `keyword` - (Optional) Keyword for record rr and value.
* `lang` - (Optional, Available 1.109.0+) User language.
* `search_mode` - (Optional, Available 1.109.0+) Search mode. Value: 
    - LIKE: fuzzy search.
    - EXACT: precise search. It is not filled in by default.
* `status` - (Optional, Available 1.109.0+) Resolve record status. Value:
    - ENABLE: enable resolution.
    - DISABLE: pause parsing.
* `tag` - (Optional, Available 1.109.0+) It is not filled in by default, and queries the current zone resolution records. Fill in "ecs" to query the host name record list under the VPC associated with the current zone.
* `user_client_ip` - (Optional, Available 1.109.0+) User ip.
* `zone_id` - (Required) ID of the Private Zone.
* `ids` - (Optional, Available in 1.53.0+) A list of Private Zone Record IDs.
* `output_file` - (Optional) File name where to save data source results (after running `terraform plan`).

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported in addition to the arguments listed above:

* `ids` - A list of Private Zone Record IDs.
* `records` - A list of zone records. Each element contains the following attributes:
  * `id` - ID of the Private Zone Record.
  * `resource_record` - Resource record of the Private Zone Record.
  * `rr` - Rr of the Private Zone Record.
  * `type` - Type of the Private Zone Record.
  * `value` - Value of the Private Zone Record.
  * `ttl` - Ttl of the Private Zone Record.
  * `priority` - Priority of the Private Zone Record.
  * `record_id` - RecordId of the Private Zone Record.
  * `remark` - Remark of the Private Zone Record.
  * `status` - Status of the Private Zone Record.
 

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-394ac04309787ef9c2b37cd036adf1f76688af456a63b2cdb737b17b354c3ea6 -->