---
subcategory: "Quotas"
layout: "alicloud"
page_title: "Alicloud: alicloud_quotas_quota_applications"
sidebar_current: "docs-alicloud-datasource-quotas-quota-applications"
description: |-
  Provides a list of Quotas Quota Applications to the user.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# alicloud\_quotas\_quota\_applications

This data source provides the Quotas Quota Applications of the current Alibaba Cloud user.

-> **NOTE:** Available in v1.117.0+.

## Example Usage

Basic Usage

```python
import constructs as constructs
import cdktf as cdktf
# Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
# See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.
import ...gen.providers.alicloud as alicloud
class MyConvertedCode(cdktf.TerraformStack):
    def __init__(self, scope, name):
        super().__init__(scope, name)
        data_alicloud_quotas_quota_applications_example =
        alicloud.data_alicloud_quotas_quota_applications.DataAlicloudQuotasQuotaApplications(self, "example",
            ids=["4621F886-81E9-xxxx-xxxx"],
            product_code="ess"
        )
        cdktf.TerraformOutput(self, "first_quotas_quota_application_id",
            value=cdktf.property_access(data_alicloud_quotas_quota_applications_example.applications, ["0", "id"])
        )
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `dimensions` - (Optional) The quota dimensions.
* `enable_details` - (Optional) Default to `false`. Set it to `true` can output more details about resource attributes.
* `ids` - (Optional, ForceNew, Computed)  A list of Application Info IDs.
* `output_file` - (Optional) File name where to save data source results (after running `terraform plan`).
* `product_code` - (Required, ForceNew) The product code.
* `quota_action_code` - (Optional, ForceNew) The ID of quota action.
* `quota_category` - (Optional, ForceNew) The quota category. Valid values: `CommonQuota`, `FlowControl`.
* `status` - (Optional, ForceNew) The status of the quota application. Valid Values: `Agree`, `Disagree` and `Process`.

#### Block dimensions

The dimensions supports the following: 

* `key` - (Optional, ForceNew) The key of dimensions.
* `value` - (Optional, ForceNew) The value of dimensions.

## Argument Reference

The following attributes are exported in addition to the arguments listed above:

* `applications` - A list of Quotas Quota Applications. Each element contains the following attributes:
	* `application_id` - The first ID of the resource.
	* `approve_value` - The approve value.
	* `audit_reason` - The audit reason.
	* `desire_value` - The desire value of the quota application.
	* `dimensions` - The quota dimensions.
		* `key` - The key of dimensions.
		* `value` - The value of dimensions.
	* `effective_time` - The effective time.
	* `expire_time` - The expire time.
	* `id` - The ID of the Application Info.
	* `notice_type` - The notice type.
	* `product_code` - The product code.
	* `quota_action_code` - The ID of quota action..
	* `quota_description` - The description of the quota.
	* `quota_name` - The name of the quota.
	* `quota_unit` - The quota unit.
	* `reason` - The reason of the quota application.
	* `status` - The status of the quota application.

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-c42966993c0e2bf298130cdbf213d363998559d713fea8357c986f03e1e15d62 -->