---
subcategory: "Service Catalog"
layout: "alicloud"
page_title: "Alicloud: alicloud_service_catalog_provisioned_products"
sidebar_current: "docs-alicloud-datasource-service-catalog-provisioned-products"
description: |-
  Provides a list of Service Catalog Provisioned Product owned by an Alibaba Cloud account.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# alicloud_service_catalog_provisioned_products

This data source provides Service Catalog Provisioned Product available to the user.[What is Provisioned Product](https://www.alibabacloud.com/help/en/servicecatalog/latest/api-doc-servicecatalog-2021-09-01-api-doc-launchproduct)

-> **NOTE:** Available in 1.196.0+

## Example Usage

```python
import constructs as constructs
import cdktf as cdktf
# Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
# See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.
import ...gen.providers.alicloud as alicloud
class MyConvertedCode(cdktf.TerraformStack):
    def __init__(self, scope, name):
        super().__init__(scope, name)
        data_alicloud_service_catalog_provisioned_products_default =
        alicloud.data_alicloud_service_catalog_provisioned_products.DataAlicloudServiceCatalogProvisionedProducts(self, "default",
            ids=["IdExample"],
            name_regex="NameRegexExample"
        )
        cdktf.TerraformOutput(self, "alicloud_service_catalog_provisioned_product_example_id",
            value=cdktf.property_access(data_alicloud_service_catalog_provisioned_products_default.provisioned_products, ["0", "id"])
        )
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:
* `ids` - (Optional, ForceNew, Computed) A list of Provisioned Product IDs.
* `provisioned_product_names` - (Optional, ForceNew) The name of the Provisioned Product. You can specify at most 10 names.
* `name_regex` - (Optional, ForceNew) A regex string to filter results by Product name.
* `output_file` - (Optional) File name where to save data source results (after running `terraform plan`).


## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported in addition to the arguments listed above:
* `ids` - A list of Provisioned Product IDs.
* `names` - A list of name of Provisioned Products.
* `provisioned_products` - A list of Provisioned Product Entries. Each element contains the following attributes:
    * `create_time` - The creation time of the product instance
    * `last_provisioning_task_id` - The ID of the last instance operation task
    * `last_successful_provisioning_task_id` - The ID of the last successful instance operation task
    * `last_task_id` - The ID of the last task
    * `owner_principal_id` - The RAM entity ID of the owner
    * `owner_principal_type` - The RAM entity type of the owner
    * `portfolio_id` - Product mix ID.> When there is a default Startup option, there is no need to fill in the portfolio. When there is no default Startup option, you must fill in the portfolio. 
    * `product_id` - Product ID.
    * `product_name` - The name of the product
    * `product_version_id` - Product version ID.
    * `product_version_name` - The name of the product version
    * `provisioned_product_arn` - The ARN of the product instance
    * `provisioned_product_id` - The ID of the instance.
    * `provisioned_product_name` - The name of the instance.The length is 1~128 characters.
    * `provisioned_product_type` - Instance type.The value is RosStack, which indicates the stack of Alibaba Cloud resource orchestration service (ROS).
    * `stack_id` - The ID of the ROS stack
    * `stack_region_id` - The ID of the region to which the resource stack of the Alibaba Cloud resource orchestration service (ROS) belongs.
    * `status` - Instance status
    * `status_message` - The status message of the product instance

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-6e4b251965d424b63f5819435de333bc5dd17e17425daa41b0feae7a277a19ac -->