---
subcategory: "VPC"
layout: "alicloud"
page_title: "Alicloud: alicloud_vpcs"
sidebar_current: "docs-alicloud-datasource-vpcs"
description: |-
    Provides a list of VPCs owned by an Alibaba Cloud account.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# alicloud\_vpcs

This data source provides VPCs available to the user.

## Example Usage

```python
import constructs as constructs
import cdktf as cdktf
# Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
# See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.
import ...gen.providers.alicloud as alicloud
class MyConvertedCode(cdktf.TerraformStack):
    def __init__(self, scope, name):
        super().__init__(scope, name)
        data_alicloud_vpcs_vpcs_ds =
        alicloud.data_alicloud_vpcs.DataAlicloudVpcs(self, "vpcs_ds",
            cidr_block="172.16.0.0/12",
            name_regex="^foo",
            status="Available"
        )
        cdktf.TerraformOutput(self, "first_vpc_id",
            value=cdktf.property_access(data_alicloud_vpcs_vpcs_ds.vpcs, ["0", "id"])
        )
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `cidr_block` - (Optional) Filter results by a specific CIDR block. For example: "172.16.0.0/12".
* `status` - (Optional) Filter results by a specific status. Valid value are `Pending` and `Available`.
* `name_regex` - (Optional) A regex string to filter VPCs by name.
* `is_default` - (Optional, type: bool) Indicate whether the VPC is the default one in the specified region.
* `vswitch_id` - (Optional) Filter results by the specified VSwitch.
* `tags` - (Optional, Available in v1.55.3+) A mapping of tags to assign to the resource.
* `output_file` - (Optional) File name where to save data source results (after running `terraform plan`).
* `ids` - (Optional, Available in 1.52.0+) A list of VPC IDs.
* `resource_group_id` - (Optional, ForceNew, Available in 1.60.0+) The Id of resource group which VPC belongs.
* `dhcp_options_set_id` - (Optional, ForceNew, Available in v1.119.0+) The ID of dhcp options set.
* `dry_run` - (Optional, ForceNew, Available in v1.119.0+) Indicates whether to check this request only. Valid values: `true` and `false`.
* `vpc_name` - (Optional, ForceNew, Available in v1.119.0+) The name of the VPC.
* `vpc_owner_id` - (Optional, ForceNew, Available in v1.119.0+) The owner ID of VPC.
* `enable_details` -(Optional, Available in v1.119.0+) Default to `true`. Set it to true can output the `route_table_id`.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported in addition to the arguments listed above:

* `ids` - A list of VPC IDs.
* `names` - A list of VPC names.
* `vpcs` - A list of VPCs. Each element contains the following attributes:
  * `id` - ID of the VPC.
  * `region_id` - ID of the region where the VPC is located.
  * `status` - Status of the VPC.
  * `vpc_name` - Name of the VPC.
  * `vswitch_ids` - List of VSwitch IDs in the specified VPC
  * `cidr_block` - CIDR block of the VPC.
  * `vrouter_id` - ID of the VRouter.
  * `route_table_id` - Route table ID of the VRouter.
  * `description` - Description of the VPC
  * `is_default` - Whether the VPC is the default VPC in the region.
  * `creation_time` - Time of creation.
  * `tags` - A map of tags assigned to the VPC.
  * `ipv6_cidr_block` - The IPv6 CIDR block of the VPC.
  * `router_id` - The ID of the VRouter.
  * `secondary_cidr_blocks` - A list of secondary IPv4 CIDR blocks of the VPC.
  * `user_cidrs` - A list of user CIDRs.
  * `vpc_id` - ID of the VPC.
  

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-870d511859a580d943c7650c6887330e7ee31282e68008d9ff19d33ad805f7c1 -->