---
subcategory: "Actiontrail"
layout: "alicloud"
page_title: "Alicloud: alicloud_actiontrail_trail"
sidebar_current: "docs-alicloud-resource-actiontrail-trail"
description: |-
  Provides Alibaba Cloud ActionTrail Trail Resource
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# alicloud\_actiontrail\_trail

Provides a ActionTrail Trail resource. For information about alicloud actiontrail trail and how to use it, see [What is Resource Alicloud ActionTrail Trail](https://www.alibabacloud.com/help/doc-detail/28804.htm).

-> **NOTE:** Available in 1.95.0+

-> **NOTE:** You can create a trail to deliver events to Log Service, Object Storage Service (OSS), or both. Before you call this operation to create a trail, make sure that the following requirements are met.
- Deliver events to Log Service: A project is created in Log Service.
- Deliver events to OSS: A bucket is created in OSS.

## Example Usage

```typescript
import * as constructs from "constructs";
import * as cdktf from "cdktf";
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as alicloud from "./.gen/providers/alicloud";
class MyConvertedCode extends cdktf.TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: constructs.Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    new alicloud.actiontrailTrail.ActiontrailTrail(this, "default", {
      eventRw: "All",
      ossBucketName: "bucket_name",
      ossWriteRoleArn: "acs:ram::1182725xxxxxxxxxxx",
      trailName: "action-trail",
      trailRegion: "cn-hangzhou",
    });
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `trailName` - (Optional, ForceNew) The name of the trail to be created, which must be unique for an account.
* `name` - (Optional, ForceNew) Field `name` has been deprecated from version 1.95.0. Use `trailName` instead. 
* `eventRw` - (Optional) Indicates whether the event is a read or a write event. Valid values: `read`, `write`, and `all`. Default to `write`.
* `ossBucketName` - (Optional) The OSS bucket to which the trail delivers logs. Ensure that this is an existing OSS bucket.
* `roleName` - (Optional) Field `name` has been deprecated from version 1.118.0.
* `ossKeyPrefix` - (Optional) The prefix of the specified OSS bucket name. This parameter can be left empty.
* `slsProjectArn` - (Optional) The unique ARN of the Log Service project. Ensure that `slsProjectArn` is valid .
* `slsWriteRoleArn` - (Optional) The unique ARN of the Log Service role.
* `trailRegion` - (Optional, Computed) The regions to which the trail is applied. Default to `all`.
* `mnsTopicArn` - (Optional) Field `mnsTopicArn` has been deprecated from version 1.118.0.
* `status` - (Optional) The status of ActionTrail Trail. After creation, tracking is turned on by default, and you can set the status value to `disable` to turn off tracking. Valid values: `enable`, `disable`. Default to `enable`.
* `ossWriteRoleArn` - (Optional) The unique ARN of the Oss role.
* `isOrganizationTrail` - (Optional) Specifies whether to create a multi-account trail. Valid values:`true`: Create a multi-account trail.`false`: Create a single-account trail. It is the default value.


## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `id` - The id of ActionTrail Trail. The value is the same as trail_name.

## Import

Action trail can be imported using the id or trail_name, e.g.

```shell
$ terraform import alicloud_actiontrail_trail.default abc12345678
```

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-9f86359ebaae3e1e0c9f59573bb0e343ee4a0056212daf92fd7656c0e296f644 -->