---
subcategory: "Application Load Balancer (ALB)"
layout: "alicloud"
page_title: "Alicloud: alicloud_alb_health_check_template"
sidebar_current: "docs-alicloud-resource-alb-health-check-template"
description: |-
  Provides a Alicloud Application Load Balancer (ALB) Health Check Template resource.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# alicloud\_alb\_health\_check\_template

Provides a Application Load Balancer (ALB) Health Check Template resource.

For information about Application Load Balancer (ALB) Health Check Template and how to use it, see [What is Health Check Template](https://www.alibabacloud.com/help/doc-detail/214343.htm).

-> **NOTE:** Available in v1.134.0+.

## Example Usage

Basic Usage

```typescript
import * as constructs from "constructs";
import * as cdktf from "cdktf";
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as alicloud from "./.gen/providers/alicloud";
class MyConvertedCode extends cdktf.TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: constructs.Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    new alicloud.albHealthCheckTemplate.AlbHealthCheckTemplate(
      this,
      "example",
      {
        healthCheckTemplateName: "example_name",
      }
    );
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:
* `healthCheckTemplateName` - (Required) The name of the health check template.  The name must be 2 to 128 characters in length, and can contain letters, digits, periods (.), underscores (_), and hyphens (-). The name must start with a letter.
* `dryRun` - (Optional) Whether to precheck the API request.
* `healthCheckCodes` - (Optional, Computed) The HTTP status code that indicates a successful health check. **NOTE:** The attribute `healthCheckProtocol` is valid when the attribute is  `http` .
* `healthCheckConnectPort` - (Optional, Computed) The number of the port that is used for health checks.  Valid values: `0` to `65535`.  Default value: `0`. This default value indicates that the backend server is used for health checks.
* `healthCheckHost` - (Optional, Computed) The domain name that is used for health checks. Default value:  `$serverIp`. The domain name must be 1 to 80 characters in length.  **NOTE:** The attribute `healthCheckProtocol` is valid when the attribute is  `http` .
* `healthCheckHttpVersion` - (Optional, Computed) The version of the HTTP protocol.  Valid values: `http10` and `http11`.  Default value: `http11`. **NOTE:** The attribute `healthCheckProtocol` is valid when the attribute is  `http` .
* `healthCheckInterval` - (Optional, Computed) The time interval between two consecutive health checks.  Valid values: `1` to `50`. Unit: seconds.  Default value: `2`.
* `healthCheckMethod` - (Optional, Computed) The health check method.  Valid values: GET and HEAD.  Default value: HEAD. **NOTE:** The attribute `healthCheckProtocol` is valid when the attribute is  `http` .
* `healthCheckPath` - (Optional) The URL that is used for health checks.  The URL must be 1 to 80 characters in length, and can contain letters, digits, hyphens (-), forward slashes (/), periods (.), percent signs (%), question marks (?), number signs (#), and ampersands (&). The URL can also contain the following extended characters: _ ; ~ ! ( )* [ ] @ $ ^ : ' , +. The URL must start with a forward slash (/). **NOTE:** The attribute `healthCheckProtocol` is valid when the attribute is  `http` .
* `healthCheckProtocol` - (Optional, Computed) The protocol that is used for health checks.  Valid values: `http` and `tcp`.  Default value: `http`.
* `healthCheckTimeout` - (Optional, Computed) The timeout period of a health check response. If the backend Elastic Compute Service (ECS) instance does not send an expected response within the specified period of time, the health check fails.  Valid values: `1` to `300`. Unit: seconds.  Default value: `5`.
* `healthyThreshold` - (Optional, Computed) The number of times that an unhealthy backend server must consecutively pass health checks before it is declared healthy (from fail to success).  Valid values: `2` to `10`.  Default value: `3`. Unit: seconds.
* `unhealthyThreshold` - (Optional, Computed)The number of times that an healthy backend server must consecutively fail health checks before it is declared unhealthy (from success to fail). Valid values: `2` to `10`.  Default value: `3`. Unit: seconds.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `id` - The resource ID in terraform of Health Check Template.

### Timeouts

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://www.terraform.io/docs/configuration-0-11/resources.html#timeouts) for certain actions:

* `create` - (Defaults to 2 mins) Used when create the Health Check Template.
* `delete` - (Defaults to 2 mins) Used when delete the Health Check Template.
* `update` - (Defaults to 2 mins) Used when update the Health Check Template.

## Import

Application Load Balancer (ALB) Health Check Template can be imported using the id, e.g.

```shell
$ terraform import alicloud_alb_health_check_template.example <id>
```

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-93403e51f03f6d9b7f3a36302d8a13cd904cda30a38f1d6b348d9d3bd53c2907 -->