---
subcategory: "Alidns"
layout: "alicloud"
page_title: "Alicloud: alicloud_alidns_record"
sidebar_current: "docs-alicloud-resource-alidns-record"
description: |-
  Provides a Alidns Domain Record resource.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# alicloud\_alidns\_record

Provides a Alidns Record resource. For information about Alidns Domain Record and how to use it, see [What is Resource Alidns Record](https://www.alibabacloud.com/help/en/doc-detail/29772.htm).

-> **NOTE:** Available in v1.85.0+.

-> **NOTE:** When the site is an international site, the `type` neither supports `redirectUrl` nor `redirectUrl`

## Example Usage

```typescript
import * as constructs from "constructs";
import * as cdktf from "cdktf";
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as alicloud from "./.gen/providers/alicloud";
class MyConvertedCode extends cdktf.TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: constructs.Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    new alicloud.alidnsRecord.AlidnsRecord(this, "record", {
      domainName: "domainname",
      remark: "Test new alidns record.",
      rr: "@",
      status: "ENABLE",
      type: "A",
      value: "192.168.99.99",
    });
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `domainName` - (Required, ForceNew) Name of the domain. This name without suffix can have a string of 1 to 63 characters, must contain only alphanumeric characters or "-", and must not begin or end with "-", and "-" must not in the 3th and 4th character positions at the same time. Suffix `sh` and `tel` are not supported.
* `rr` - (Required) Host record for the domain record. This host_record can have at most 253 characters, and each part split with `.` can have at most 63 characters, and must contain only alphanumeric characters or hyphens, such as `-`, `.`, `*`, `@`, and must not begin or end with `-`.
* `type` - (Required) The type of domain record. Valid values: `a`,`ns`,`mx`,`txt`,`cname`,`srv`,`aaaa`,`caa`, `redirectUrl` and `forwordUrl`.
* `value` - (Required) The value of domain record, When the `type` is `mx`,`ns`,`cname`,`srv`, the server will treat the `value` as a fully qualified domain name, so it's no need to add a `.` at the end.
* `ttl` - (Optional) The effective time of domain record. Its scope depends on the edition of the cloud resolution. Free is `[600, 86400]`, Basic is `[120, 86400]`, Standard is `[60, 86400]`, Ultimate is `[10, 86400]`, Exclusive is `[1, 86400]`. Default value is `600`.
* `priority` - (Optional) The priority of domain record. Valid values: `[110]`. When the `type` is `mx`, this parameter is required.
* `line` - (Optional) The resolution line of domain record. When the `type` is `forwordUrl`, this parameter must be `default`. Default value is `default`. For checking all resolution lines enumeration please visit [Alibaba Cloud DNS doc](https://www.alibabacloud.com/help/doc-detail/34339.htm) or using alicloud_dns_resolution_lines in data source to get the value. 
* `lang` - (Optional) User language. 
* `remark` - (Optional) The remark of the domain record. 
* `status` - (Optional) The status of the domain record. Valid values: `enable`,`disable`. 
* `userClientIp` - (Optional) The IP address of the client. 

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `id` - The id of Domain Record.

### Timeouts

-> **NOTE:** Available in 1.99.0+.

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://www.terraform.io/docs/configuration-0-11/resources.html#timeouts) for certain actions:

* `create` - (Defaults to 4 mins) Used when create the Alidns record instance.
* `update` - (Defaults to 3 mins) Used when update the Alidns record instance.
* `delete` - (Defaults to 6 mins) Used when delete the Alidns record instance.

## Import

Alidns Domain Record can be imported using the id, e.g.

```shell
$ terraform import alicloud_alidns_record.example abc123456
```
<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-a3322348d0c6b5a43061d513c54b806592ed59a925ddafb731eb11f737a5d451 -->