---
subcategory: "Click House"
layout: "alicloud"
page_title: "Alicloud: alicloud_click_house_db_cluster"
sidebar_current: "docs-alicloud-resource-click-house-db-cluster"
description: |-
  Provides a Alicloud Click House DBCluster resource.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# alicloud\_click\_house\_db\_cluster

Provides a Click House DBCluster resource.

For information about Click House DBCluster and how to use it, see [What is DBCluster](https://www.alibabacloud.com/product/clickhouse).

-> **NOTE:** Available in v1.134.0+.

## Example Usage

Basic Usage

```terraform
data "alicloud_click_house_regions" "default" {
  current = true
}
data "alicloud_vpcs" "default" {
  name_regex = "default-NODELETING"
}
data "alicloud_vswitches" "default" {
  vpc_id  = data.alicloud_vpcs.default.ids.0
  zone_id = data.alicloud_click_house_regions.default.regions.0.zone_ids.0.zone_id
}
resource "alicloud_click_house_db_cluster" "default" {
  db_cluster_version      = "20.3.10.75"
  category                = "Basic"
  db_cluster_class        = "S8"
  db_cluster_network_type = "vpc"
  db_node_group_count     = "1"
  payment_type            = "PayAsYouGo"
  db_node_storage         = "500"
  storage_type            = "cloud_essd"
  vswitch_id              = data.alicloud_vswitches.default.ids.0
  db_cluster_access_white_list {
    db_cluster_ip_array_attribute = "test"
    db_cluster_ip_array_name      = "test"
    security_ip_list              = "192.168.0.1"
  }
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `category` - (Required, ForceNew) The Category of DBCluster. Valid values: `basic`,`highAvailability`.
* `dbClusterClass` - (Required) The DBCluster class. According to the category, db_cluster_class has two value ranges:
  * Under the condition that the category is the `basic`, Valid values: `ls20`, `ls40`, `ls80`,`s8`, `s16`, `s32`, `s64`,`s80`, `s104`.
  * Under the condition that the category is the `highAvailability`, Valid values: `lc20`, `lc40`, `lc80`,`c8`, `c16`, `c32`, `c64`, `c80`, `c104`.
* `dbClusterNetworkType` - (Required, ForceNew) The DBCluster network type. Valid values: `vpc`.
* `dbClusterVersion` - (Required, ForceNew) The DBCluster version. Valid values: `2031075`, `208715`, `2181019`, `228529`. **NOTE:** `191522` is no longer supported. From version 1.191.0, `dbClusterVersion` can be set to `228529`.
* `dbNodeStorage` - (Required, ForceNew) The db node storage.
* `dbNodeGroupCount` - (Required) The db node group count. The number should between 1 and 48.
* `encryptionKey` - (Optional, ForceNew) Key management service KMS key ID.
* `encryptionType` - (Optional, ForceNew) Currently only supports ECS disk encryption, with a value of CloudDisk, not encrypted when empty.
* `paymentType` - (Required, ForceNew) The payment type of the resource. Valid values: `payAsYouGo`,`subscription`.
* `period` - (Optional, ForceNew) Pre-paid cluster of the pay-as-you-go cycle. Valid values: `month`, `year`.
* `storageType` - (Required, ForceNew) Storage type of DBCluster. Valid values: `cloudEssd`, `cloudEfficiency`, `cloudEssdPl2`, `cloudEssdPl3`.
* `usedTime` - (Optional, ForceNew) The used time of DBCluster.
* `vswitchId` - (Optional, ForceNew) The vswitch id of DBCluster.
* `dbClusterDescription` - (Optional) The DBCluster description.
* `status` - (Optional, Computed) The status of the resource. Valid values: `running`,`creating`,`deleting`,`restarting`,`preparing`.
* `maintainTime` - (Optional) The maintenance window of DBCluster. Valid format: `hh:mmZ-hh:mm Z`.
* `dbClusterAccessWhiteList` - (Optional, Available in v1.145.0+) The db cluster access white list.
* `vpcId` - (Optional, ForceNew, Available in v1.185.0+) The id of the VPC.
* `zoneId` - (Optional, ForceNew, Available in v1.185.0+) The zone ID of the instance.

#### Block db_cluster_access_white_list

The db_cluster_access_white_list supports the following:

* `dbClusterIpArrayAttribute` - (Optional, Removed) Field `dbClusterIpArrayAttribute` has been removed from provider.
* `dbClusterIpArrayName` - (Optional) Whitelist group name.
* `securityIpList` - (Optional) The IP address list under the whitelist group.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `id` - The resource ID in terraform of DBCluster.
* `connectionString` (Available in 1.196.0+) - The connection string of the cluster.
* `port` - (Available in 1.196.0+) The connection port of the cluster.

### Timeouts

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://www.terraform.io/docs/configuration-0-11/resources.html#timeouts) for certain actions:

* `create` - (Defaults to 60 mins) Used when creating the Click House DBCluster (until it reaches the initial `running` status).
* `update` - (Defaults to 60 mins) Used when update the Click House DBCluster.

## Import

Click House DBCluster can be imported using the id, e.g.

```shell
$ terraform import alicloud_click_house_db_cluster.example <id>
```
<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-580b1208d86b7f84bd8c946211ac90ee3c93753f96760a3da9a1d3e83c23cc04 -->