---
subcategory: "Cloud Firewall"
layout: "alicloud"
page_title: "Alicloud: alicloud_cloud_firewall_vpc_firewall_cen"
sidebar_current: "docs-alicloud-resource-cloud-firewall-vpc-firewall-cen"
description: |-
  Provides a Alicloud Cloud Firewall Vpc Firewall Cen resource.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# alicloud_cloud_firewall_vpc_firewall_cen

Provides a Cloud Firewall Vpc Firewall Cen resource.

For information about Cloud Firewall Vpc Firewall Cen and how to use it, see [What is Vpc Firewall Cen](https://www.alibabacloud.com/help/en/cloud-firewall/latest/createvpcfirewallcenconfigure).

-> **NOTE:** Available in v1.194.0+.

## Example Usage

Basic Usage

```typescript
import * as constructs from "constructs";
import * as cdktf from "cdktf";
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as alicloud from "./.gen/providers/alicloud";
class MyConvertedCode extends cdktf.TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: constructs.Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    new alicloud.cloudFirewallVpcFirewallCen.CloudFirewallVpcFirewallCen(
      this,
      "default",
      {
        cenId: "cen-cjok7uyb5w2b27573v",
        localVpc: {
          networkInstanceId: "vpc-a2d4wzzfuumzuq6uog5w4",
        },
        memberUid: "1415189284827022",
        status: "open",
        vpcFirewallName: "tf-test",
        vpcRegion: "ap-south-1",
      }
    );
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `cenId` - (Required, ForceNew) The ID of the CEN instance.
* `lang` - (Optional) The language type of the requested and received messages. Value:**zh** (default): Chinese.**en**: English.
* `localVpc` - (Required,Computed) The details of the VPC.See the following `Block LocalVpc`.
* `memberUid` - (Optional) The UID of the member account (other Alibaba Cloud account) of the current Alibaba cloud account.
* `status` - (Required) Firewall switch status
* `vpcFirewallName` - (Required) The name of the VPC firewall instance.
* `vpcRegion` - (Required, ForceNew) The ID of the region to which the VPC is created.

### Block LocalVpc

The LocalVpc supports the following:

* `networkInstanceId` - (Required,ForceNew) The ID of the VPC instance that created the VPC firewall.



## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `id` - The `key` of the resource supplied above.
* `connectType` - Intercommunication type, value: expressconnect: Express Channel cen: Cloud Enterprise Network
* `localVpc` - The details of the VPC.
    * `attachmentId` - The connection ID of the network instance.
    * `attachmentName` - The connection name of the network instance.
    * `defendCidrList` - The list of network segments protected by the VPC firewall.
    * `eniList` - List of elastic network cards.
        * `eniId` - The ID of the instance of the ENI in the VPC.
        * `eniPrivateIpAddress` - The private IP address of the ENI in the VPC.
    * `manualVSwitchId` - The ID of the vSwitch specified when the routing mode is manual mode.
    * `networkInstanceName` - The name of the network instance.
    * `networkInstanceType` - The type of the network instance. Value: **VPC * *.
    * `ownerId` - The UID of the Alibaba Cloud account to which the VPC belongs.
    * `regionNo` - The region ID of the VPC.
    * `routeMode` - Routing mode,. Value:-auto: indicates automatic mode.-manual: indicates manual mode.
    * `supportManualMode` - Whether routing mode supports manual mode. Value:-**1**: Supported.-**0**: Not supported.
    * `transitRouterId` - The ID of the CEN-TR instance.
    * `transitRouterType` - The version of the cloud enterprise network forwarding router (CEN-TR). Value:-**Basic**: Basic Edition.-**Enterprise**: Enterprise Edition.
    * `vpcCidrTableList` - The VPC network segment list.
        * `routeEntryList` - The list of route entries in the VPC.
            * `destinationCidr` - The target network segment of the VPC.
            * `nextHopInstanceId` - The ID of the next hop instance in the VPC.
        * `routeTableId` - The ID of the route table of the VPC.
    * `vpcId` - The ID of the VPC instance.
    * `vpcName` - The instance name of the VPC.
* `vpcFirewallId` - VPC firewall ID

### Timeouts

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://www.terraform.io/docs/configuration-0-11/resources.html#timeouts) for certain actions:
* `create` - (Defaults to 31 mins) Used when create the Vpc Firewall Cen.
* `delete` - (Defaults to 31 mins) Used when delete the Vpc Firewall Cen.
* `update` - (Defaults to 31 mins) Used when update the Vpc Firewall Cen.

## Import

Cloud Firewall Vpc Firewall Cen can be imported using the id, e.g.

```shell
$terraform import alicloud_cloud_firewall_vpc_firewall_cen.example <id>
```
<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-549020025cd60d11c6bd836b97407cf109f2c40cc01aef16899b22e6fe493ec5 -->