---
subcategory: "Cloud Firewall"
layout: "alicloud"
page_title: "Alicloud: alicloud_cloud_firewall_instance"
sidebar_current: "docs-alicloud-resource-cloud-firewall-instance"
description: |-
  Provides a Alicloud Cloud Firewall Instance resource.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# alicloud\_cloud\_firewall\_instance

Provides a Cloud Firewall Instance resource.

For information about Cloud Firewall Instance and how to use it, see [What is Instance](https://www.alibabacloud.com/help/en/product/90174.htm).

-> **NOTE:** Available in v1.139.0+.


## Example Usage

Basic Usage

```typescript
import * as constructs from "constructs";
import * as cdktf from "cdktf";
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as alicloud from "./.gen/providers/alicloud";
class MyConvertedCode extends cdktf.TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: constructs.Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    new alicloud.cloudFirewallInstance.CloudFirewallInstance(this, "example", {
      bandWidth: 10,
      cfwLog: false,
      cfwLogStorage: 1000,
      cfwService: false,
      ipNumber: 20,
      paymentType: "Subscription",
      period: 6,
      spec: "premium_version",
    });
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `paymentType` - (Required, ForceNew) The payment type of the resource. Valid values: `subscription`.
* `period` - (Required) The prepaid period. Valid values: `1`, `3`, `6`, `12`, `24`, `36`. **NOTE:** 1 and 3 available in 1.204.1+.
* `renewPeriod` - (Optional) Automatic renewal period. **NOTE:** The `renewPeriod` is required under the condition that renewal_status is `autoRenewal`.
* `renewalStatus` - (Optional) Automatic renewal status. Valid values: `autoRenewal`,`manualRenewal`. Default Value: `manualRenewal`.
* `logistics` - (Optional) The logistics.
* `modifyType` - (Optional) The modify type. Valid values: `upgrade`, `downgrade`.  **NOTE:** The `modifyType` is required when you execute an update operation.
* `cfwService` - (Required) Whether to use expert service. Valid values: `true`, `false`.
* `spec` - (Required) Current version. Valid values: `premiumVersion`, `enterpriseVersion`,`ultimateVersion`.
* `cfwLogStorage` - (Required) The log storage capacity. 
  * `premiumVersion` - The valid cfw_log_storage is [1000, 500000] with the step size 1000. Default Value: `1000`. Unit: GB.
  * `enterpriseVersion` - The valid cfw_log_storage is [3000, 500000] with the step size 1000. Default Value: `3000`. Unit: GB.
  * `ultimateVersion` - The valid cfw_log_storage is [5000, 500000] with the step size 1000. Default Value: `5000`. Unit: GB.
* `ipNumber` - (Required) The number of public IPs that can be protected. Valid values: 20 to 4000.
  * `premiumVersion` - The valid cfw_log_storage is [60, 1000] with the step size 1. Default Value: `20`. 
  * `enterpriseVersion` - The valid cfw_log_storage is [60, 1000] with the step size 1. Default Value: `50`. 
  * `ultimateVersion` - The valid cfw_log_storage is [400, 4000] with the step size 1. Default Value: `400`. 
* `cfwLog` - (Required) Whether to use log audit. Valid values: `true`, `false`.
* `bandWidth` - (Required) Public network processing capability. Valid values: 10 to 15000. Unit: Mbps.
  * `premiumVersion` - The valid cfw_log_storage is [10, 2000] with the step size 5. Default Value: `10`. Unit: Mbps.
  * `enterpriseVersion` - The valid cfw_log_storage is [50, 5000] with the step size 5. Default Value: `50`. Unit: Mbps.
  * `ultimateVersion` - The valid cfw_log_storage is [200, 15000] with the step size 5. Default Value: `200`. Unit: Mbps.
* `fwVpcNumber` - (Optional) The number of protected VPCs. Valid values between 2 and 500.
  * `enterpriseVersion` - The valid cfw_log_storage is [2, 200] with the step size 1. Default Value: `2`. 
  * `ultimateVersion` - The valid cfw_log_storage is [5, 500] with the step size 1. Default Value: `5`. 
* `instanceCount` - (Optional)  The number of assets.


## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `createTime` - The creation time.
* `renewalDurationUnit` - Automatic renewal period unit. Valid values: `month`,`year`.
* `status` - The status of Instance.
* `endTime` - The end time.
* `releaseTime` - The release time.

## Import

Cloud Firewall Instance can be imported using the id, e.g.

```shell
$ terraform import alicloud_cloud_firewall_instance.example <id>
```

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-45ade3415a39a9a978ea057c3c2522a5ce56003016262dfc43f08834a7fdae76 -->