---
subcategory: "Cloud Firewall"
layout: "alicloud"
page_title: "Alicloud: alicloud_cloud_firewall_vpc_firewall"
sidebar_current: "docs-alicloud-resource-cloud-firewall-vpc-firewall"
description: |-
  Provides a Alicloud Cloud Firewall Vpc Firewall resource.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# alicloud_cloud_firewall_vpc_firewall

Provides a Cloud Firewall Vpc Firewall resource.

For information about Cloud Firewall Vpc Firewall and how to use it, see [What is Vpc Firewall](https://help.aliyun.com/document_detail/342893.html).

-> **NOTE:** Available in v1.194.0+.

## Example Usage

Basic Usage

```typescript
import * as constructs from "constructs";
import * as cdktf from "cdktf";
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as alicloud from "./.gen/providers/alicloud";
class MyConvertedCode extends cdktf.TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: constructs.Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    new alicloud.cloudFirewallVpcFirewall.CloudFirewallVpcFirewall(
      this,
      "default",
      {
        localVpc: {
          localVpcCidrTableList: [
            {
              localRouteEntryList: [
                {
                  localDestinationCidr: "10.1.0.0/16",
                  localNextHopInstanceId: "ri-bp1uobww3aputjlwwkyrh",
                },
              ],
              localRouteTableId: "vtb-bp1lj0ddg846856chpzrv",
            },
          ],
          regionNo: "cn-hangzhou",
          vpcId: "vpc-bp1d065m6hzn1xbw8ibfd",
        },
        memberUid: "1415189284827022",
        peerVpc: {
          peerVpcCidrTableList: [
            {
              peerRouteEntryList: [
                {
                  peerDestinationCidr: "10.0.0.0/16",
                  peerNextHopInstanceId: "ri-bp1thhtgf6ydr2or52l3n",
                },
              ],
              peerRouteTableId: "vtb-bp1f516f2hh4sok1ig9b5",
            },
          ],
          regionNo: "cn-hangzhou",
          vpcId: "vpc-bp1gcmm64o3caox84v0nz",
        },
        status: "open",
        vpcFirewallName: "tf-test",
      }
    );
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:
* `lang` - (Optional) The language type of the requested and received messages. Value:**zh** (default): Chinese.**en**: English.
* `localVpc` - (Required) The details of the local VPC. See the following `Block LocalVpc`.
* `memberUid` - (Optional) The UID of the Alibaba Cloud member account.
* `peerVpc` - (Required) The details of the peer VPC. See the following `Block PeerVpc`.
* `status` - (Required) The status of the resource
  - `open` (default): protection is automatically enabled after the VPC boundary firewall is created.
  - `close`: Do not automatically enable protection after creating VPC boundary firewall
* `vpcFirewallName` - (Required) The name of the VPC firewall instance.


#### Block LocalVpc

The LocalVpc supports the following:
* `eniId` - (Computed) The ID of the instance of the Eni in the local VPC.
* `eniPrivateIpAddress` - (Computed) The private IP address of the elastic network card in the local VPC.
* `localVpcCidrTableList` - (Required) The network segment list of the local VPC.See the following `Block LocalVpcCidrTableList`.
* `regionNo` - (Required,ForceNew) The region ID of the local VPC.
* `routerInterfaceId` - (Computed) The ID of the router interface in the local VPC.
* `vpcId` - (Required,ForceNew) The ID of the local VPC instance.
* `vpcName` - (Computed) The instance name of the local VPC.

#### Block LocalVpcCidrTableList

The LocalVpcCidrTableList supports the following:
* `localRouteEntryList` - (Required) The list of route entries of the local VPC.See the following `Block LocalRouteEntryList`.
* `localRouteTableId` - (Required) The ID of the route table of the local VPC.

#### Block LocalRouteEntryList

The LocalRouteEntryList supports the following:
* `localDestinationCidr` - (Required) The target network segment of the local VPC.
* `localNextHopInstanceId` - (Required) The ID of the next-hop instance in the local VPC.

#### Block PeerVpc

The PeerVpc supports the following:
* `eniId` - (Computed) The ID of the instance of the ENI in the peer VPC.
* `eniPrivateIpAddress` - (Computed) The private IP address of the elastic network card in the peer VPC.
* `peerVpcCidrTableList` - (Required) The network segment list of the peer VPC.See the following `Block PeerVpcCidrTableList`.
* `regionNo` - (Required,ForceNew) The region ID of the peer VPC.
* `routerInterfaceId` - (Computed) The ID of the router interface in the peer VPC.
* `vpcId` - (Required,ForceNew) The ID of the peer VPC instance.
* `vpcName` - (Computed) The instance name of the peer VPC.

#### Block PeerVpcCidrTableList

The PeerVpcCidrTableList supports the following:
* `peerRouteEntryList` - (Required) Peer VPC route entry list information.See the following `Block PeerRouteEntryList`.
* `peerRouteTableId` - (Required) The ID of the route table of the peer VPC.

#### Block PeerRouteEntryList

The PeerRouteEntryList supports the following:
* `peerDestinationCidr` - (Required) The target network segment of the peer VPC.
* `peerNextHopInstanceId` - (Required) The ID of the next-hop instance in the peer VPC.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:
* `id` - The ID of the VPC firewall instance and the value same as `vpcFirewallId`.
* `vpcFirewallId` - The ID of the VPC firewall instance.
* `bandwidth` - Bandwidth specifications for high-speed channels. Unit: Mbps.
* `connectType` - The communication type of the VPC firewall. Valid value: **expressconnect**, which indicates Express Connect.
* `regionStatus` - The region is open. Value:-**enable**: is enabled, indicating that VPC firewall can be configured in this region.-**disable**: indicates that VPC firewall cannot be configured in this region.

### Timeouts

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://www.terraform.io/docs/configuration-0-11/resources.html#timeouts) for certain actions:
* `create` - (Defaults to 31 mins) Used when create the Vpc Firewall.
* `delete` - (Defaults to 31 mins) Used when delete the Vpc Firewall.
* `update` - (Defaults to 31 mins) Used when update the Vpc Firewall.

## Import

Cloud Firewall Vpc Firewall can be imported using the id, e.g.

```shell
$terraform import alicloud_cloud_firewall_vpc_firewall.example <id>
```
<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-a551995fb4e337a8576f32a101db23062ad8488638500ffe384a148084ee91e6 -->