---
subcategory: "ECS"
layout: "alicloud"
page_title: "Alicloud: alicloud_disk"
sidebar_current: "docs-alicloud-resource-disk"
description: |-
  Provides a ECS Disk resource.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# alicloud\_disk

Provides a ECS disk resource.

-> **DEPRECATED:** This resource has been renamed to [alicloud_ecs_disk](https://www.terraform.io/docs/providers/alicloud/r/ecs_disk) from version 1.122.0.

-> **NOTE:** One of `size` or `snapshotId` is required when specifying an ECS disk. If all of them be specified, `size` must more than the size of snapshot which `snapshotId` represents. Currently, `alicloudDisk` doesn't resize disk.

## Example Usage

```typescript
import * as constructs from "constructs";
import * as cdktf from "cdktf";
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as alicloud from "./.gen/providers/alicloud";
class MyConvertedCode extends cdktf.TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: constructs.Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    new alicloud.disk.Disk(this, "ecs_disk", {
      availabilityZone: "cn-beijing-b",
      category: "cloud_efficiency",
      description: "Hello ecs disk.",
      encrypted: true,
      kmsKeyId: "2a6767f0-a16c-4679-a60f-13bf*****",
      name: "New-disk",
      size: cdktf.Token.asNumber("30"),
      tags: {
        Name: "TerraformTest",
      },
    });
  }
}

```
## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `availabilityZone` - (Required, ForceNew) The Zone to create the disk in.
* `name` - (Optional) Name of the ECS disk. This name can have a string of 2 to 128 characters, must contain only alphanumeric characters or hyphens, such as "-",".","_", and must not begin or end with a hyphen, and must not begin with http:// or https://. Default value is null.
* `description` - (Optional) Description of the disk. This description can have a string of 2 to 256 characters, It cannot begin with http:// or https://. Default value is null.
* `category` - (Optional, ForceNew) Category of the disk. Valid values are `cloud`, `cloudEfficiency`, `cloudSsd`, `cloudEssd`. Default is `cloudEfficiency`.
* `size` - (Required) The size of the disk in GiBs. When resize the disk, the new size must be greater than the former value, or you would get an error `invalidDiskSizeTooSmall`.
* `snapshotId` - (Optional, ForceNew) A snapshot to base the disk off of. If the disk size required by snapshot is greater than `size`, the `size` will be ignored, conflict with `encrypted`.
* `kmsKeyId` - (Optional, Available in 1.89.0+, ForceNew) The ID of the KMS key corresponding to the data disk, The specified parameter `encrypted` must be `true` when KmsKeyId is not empty.
* `performanceLevel` - (Optional, Available in 1.95.0+) Specifies the performance level of an ESSD when you create the ESSD. Default value: `pl1`. Valid values:                                                       
    * `pl1`: A single ESSD delivers up to 50,000 random read/write IOPS.
    * `pl2`: A single ESSD delivers up to 100,000 random read/write IOPS.
    * `pl3`: A single ESSD delivers up to 1,000,000 random read/write IOPS.
* `tags` - (Optional) A mapping of tags to assign to the resource.
* `encrypted` - (Optional, ForceNew) If true, the disk will be encrypted, conflict with `snapshotId`.
* `deleteAutoSnapshot` - (Optional, Available in 1.53.0+) Indicates whether the automatic snapshot is deleted when the disk is released. Default value: false.
* `deleteWithInstance` - (Optional, Available in 1.53.0+) Indicates whether the disk is released together with the instance: Default value: false.
* `enableAutoSnapshot` - (Optional, Available in 1.53.0+) Indicates whether to apply a created automatic snapshot policy to the disk. Default value: false.
* `resourceGroupId` - (Optional, Available in 1.57.0+, Modifiable in 1.115.0+) The Id of resource group which the disk belongs.
-> **NOTE:** Disk category `cloud` has been outdated and it only can be used none I/O Optimized ECS instances. Recommend `cloudEfficiency` and `cloudSsd` disk.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `id` - The ID of the disk.
* `status` - The disk status.

## Import

Cloud disk can be imported using the id, e.g.

```shell
$ terraform import alicloud_disk.example d-abc12345678
```

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-08209a71151aac00587bc412d18f125dfc53c0192e924bfb6f85be955cd1cd1c -->