---
subcategory: "Alidns"
layout: "alicloud"
page_title: "Alicloud: alicloud_dns_record"
sidebar_current: "docs-alicloud-resource-dns-record"
description: |-
  Provides a DNS Record resource.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# alicloud\_dns\_record

Provides a DNS Record resource.

-> **DEPRECATED:**  This resource  has been deprecated from version `1850`. Please use new resource [alicloud_alidns_record](https://www.terraform.io/docs/providers/alicloud/r/alidns_record).

-> **NOTE:** When the site is an international site, the `type` neither supports `redirectUrl` nor `redirectUrl`

## Example Usage

```typescript
import * as constructs from "constructs";
import * as cdktf from "cdktf";
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as alicloud from "./.gen/providers/alicloud";
class MyConvertedCode extends cdktf.TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: constructs.Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    new alicloud.dnsRecord.DnsRecord(this, "record", {
      hostRecord: "@",
      name: "domainname",
      type: "A",
      value: "192.168.99.99",
    });
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Required) Name of the domain. This name without suffix can have a string of 1 to 63 characters, must contain only alphanumeric characters or "-", and must not begin or end with "-", and "-" must not in the 3th and 4th character positions at the same time. Suffix `sh` and `tel` are not supported.
* `hostRecord` - (Required) Host record for the domain record. This host_record can have at most 253 characters, and each part split with "." can have at most 63 characters, and must contain only alphanumeric characters or hyphens, such as "-",".","*","@",  and must not begin or end with "-".
* `type` - (Required) The type of domain record. Valid values are `a`,`ns`,`mx`,`txt`,`cname`,`srv`,`aaaa`,`caa`, `redirectUrl` and `forwordUrl`.
* `value` - (Required) The value of domain record, When the `type` is `mx`,`ns`,`cname`,`srv`, the server will treat the `value` as a fully qualified domain name, so it's no need to add a `.` at the end.
* `ttl` - (Optional) The effective time of domain record. Its scope depends on the edition of the cloud resolution. Free is `[600, 86400]`, Basic is `[120, 86400]`, Standard is `[60, 86400]`, Ultimate is `[10, 86400]`, Exclusive is `[1, 86400]`. Default value is `600`.
* `priority` - (Optional) The priority of domain record. Valid values are `[110]`. When the `type` is `mx`, this parameter is required.
* `routing` - (Optional) The resolution line of domain record. Valid values are `default`, `telecom`, `unicom`, `mobile`, `oversea`, `edu`, `drpeng`, `btvn`, .etc. When the `type` is `forwordUrl`, this parameter must be `default`. Default value is `default`. For checking all resolution lines enumeration please visit [Alibaba Cloud DNS doc](https://www.alibabacloud.com/help/doc-detail/34339.htm) or using alicloud_dns_resolution_lines in data source to get the value. 

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `id` - The record id.
* `name` - (Required) The record domain name.
* `type` - (Required) The record type.
* `hostRecord` - The host record of record.
* `value` - The record value.
* `ttl` - The record effective time.
* `priority` - The record priority.
* `routing` - The record resolution line.
* `status` - The record status. `enable` or `disable`.
* `locked` - The record locked state. `true` or `false`.

## Import

RDS record can be imported using the id, e.g.

```shell
$ terraform import alicloud_dns_record.example <id>
```

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-d1420bb79626c66cf2a81b48007aa19505aeca8711e768b32f68b971bd55fbaa -->