---
subcategory: "Data Transmission Service (DTS)"
layout: "alicloud"
page_title: "Alicloud: alicloud_dts_migration_instance"
sidebar_current: "docs-alicloud-resource-dts-migration-instance"
description: |-
  Provides a Alicloud DTS Migration Instance resource.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# alicloud\_dts\_migration\_instance

Provides a DTS Migration Instance resource.

For information about DTS Migration Instance and how to use it, see [What is Synchronization Instance](https://www.alibabacloud.com/help/en/doc-detail/208270.html).

-> **NOTE:** Available in v1.157.0+.

## Example Usage

Basic Usage

```typescript
import * as constructs from "constructs";
import * as cdktf from "cdktf";
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as alicloud from "./.gen/providers/alicloud";
class MyConvertedCode extends cdktf.TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: constructs.Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    new alicloud.dtsMigrationInstance.DtsMigrationInstance(this, "default", {
      destinationEndpointEngineName: "MySQL",
      destinationEndpointRegion: "cn-hangzhou",
      instanceClass: "small",
      paymentType: "PayAsYouGo",
      sourceEndpointEngineName: "MySQL",
      sourceEndpointRegion: "cn-hangzhou",
      syncArchitecture: "oneway",
    });
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `instanceClass` - (Optional, Computed) The instance class. Valid values: `large`, `medium`, `small`, `xlarge`, `xxlarge`. You can only upgrade the configuration, not downgrade the configuration. If you downgrade the instance, you need to [submit a ticket](https://selfservice.console.aliyun.com/ticket/category/dts/today).
* `paymentType` - (Required, ForceNew) The payment type of the resource. Valid values: `payAsYouGo`.
* `sourceEndpointRegion` - (Required, ForceNew) The region of source instance.
* `sourceEndpointEngineName` - (Required, ForceNew) The type of source endpoint engine. Valid values: `ads`, `db2`, `drds`, `dataHub`, `greenplum`, `mssql`, `mySql`, `polarDb`, `postgreSql`, `redis`, `tablestore`, `as400`, `clickhouse`, `kafka`, `mongodb`, `odps`, `oracle`, `polardbO`, `polardbPg`, `tidb`. For the correspondence between the supported source and target libraries, see [Supported Databases, Synchronization Initialization Types and Synchronization Topologies](https://help.aliyun.com/document_detail/130744.html), [Supported Databases and Migration Types](https://help.aliyun.com/document_detail/26618.html).
* `destinationEndpointRegion` - (Required, ForceNew) The region of destination instance. List of [supported regions](https://help.aliyun.com/document_detail/141033.html).
* `destinationEndpointEngineName` - (Required, ForceNew) The type of destination engine. Valid values: `ads`, `db2`, `drds`, `dataHub`, `greenplum`, `mssql`, `mySql`, `polarDb`, `postgreSql`, `redis`, `tablestore`, `as400`, `clickhouse`, `kafka`, `mongodb`, `odps`, `oracle`, `polardbO`, `polardbPg`, `tidb`. For the correspondence between the supported source and target libraries, see [Supported Databases, Synchronization Initialization Types and Synchronization Topologies](https://help.aliyun.com/document_detail/130744.html), [Supported Databases and Migration Types](https://help.aliyun.com/document_detail/26618.html).
* `syncArchitecture` - (Optional, ForceNew) The sync architecture. Valid values: `oneway`.
* `computeUnit` - (Optional) [ETL specifications](https://help.aliyun.com/document_detail/212324.html). The unit is the computing unit ComputeUnit (CU), 1CU=1vCPU+4 GB memory. The value range is an integer greater than or equal to 2.
* `databaseCount` - (Optional) The number of private customized RDS instances under PolarDB-X. The default value is 1. This parameter needs to be passed only when `sourceEndpointEngineName` equals `drds`.
* `tags` - (Optional) A mapping of tags to assign to the resource.


## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `id` - The resource ID of Migration Instance. The value formats as `<dts_instance_id>`.
* `dtsInstanceId` - The ID of the Migration Instance.
* `status` - The status.

## Import

DTS Migration Instance can be imported using the id, e.g.

```shell
$ terraform import alicloud_dts_migration_instance.example <id>
```
<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-f14e49e95724135b524c2de80165910af76e24801d735a1589bb32910da93924 -->