---
subcategory: "Elastic Desktop Service (ECD)"
layout: "alicloud"
page_title: "Alicloud: alicloud_ecd_policy_group"
sidebar_current: "docs-alicloud-resource-ecd-policy-group"
description: |-
  Provides a Alicloud Elastic Desktop Service (ECD) Policy Group resource.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# alicloud\_ecd\_policy\_group

Provides a Elastic Desktop Service (ECD) Policy Group resource.

For information about Elastic Desktop Service (ECD) Policy Group and how to use it, see [What is Policy Group](https://help.aliyun.com/document_detail/188382.html).

-> **NOTE:** Available in v1.130.0+.

## Example Usage

Basic Usage

```typescript
import * as constructs from "constructs";
import * as cdktf from "cdktf";
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as alicloud from "./.gen/providers/alicloud";
class MyConvertedCode extends cdktf.TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: constructs.Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    new alicloud.provider.AlicloudProvider(this, "alicloud", {
      region: "cn-hangzhou",
    });
    new alicloud.ecdPolicyGroup.EcdPolicyGroup(this, "default", {
      authorizeAccessPolicyRules: [
        {
          cidrIp: "1.2.3.45/24",
          description: "my-description1",
        },
      ],
      authorizeSecurityPolicyRules: [
        {
          cidrIp: "1.2.3.4/24",
          description: "my-description",
          ipProtocol: "TCP",
          policy: "accept",
          portRange: "80/80",
          priority: "1",
          type: "inflow",
        },
      ],
      clipboard: "read",
      localDrive: "read",
      policyGroupName: "my-policy-group",
      usbRedirect: "off",
      watermark: "off",
    });
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `authorizeAccessPolicyRules` - (Optional) The rule of authorize access rule.
* `authorizeSecurityPolicyRules` - (Optional) The policy rule.
* `clipboard` - (Optional, Computed) The clipboard policy. Valid values: `off`, `read`, `readwrite`.
* `domainList` - (Optional) The list of domain.
* `htmlAccess` - (Optional, Computed) The access of html5. Valid values: `off`, `on`.
* `htmlFileTransfer` - (Optional, Computed) The html5 file transfer. Valid values: `all`, `download`, `off`, `upload`.
* `localDrive` - (Optional, Computed) Local drive redirect policy. Valid values: ` readwrite`, `off`, `read`.
* `policyGroupName` - (Optional) The name of policy group.
* `usbRedirect` - (Optional, Computed) The usb redirect policy. Valid values: `off`, `on`.
* `visualQuality` - (Optional, Computed) The quality of visual. Valid values: `high`, `lossless`, `low`, `medium`.
* `watermark` - (Optional, Computed) The watermark policy. Valid values: `off`, `on`.
* `watermarkTransparency` - (Optional, Computed) The watermark transparency. Valid values: `dark`, `light`, `middle`.
* `watermarkType` - (Optional) The type of watemark. Valid values: `endUserId`, `hostName`.
* `recording` - (Optional, Computed, Available in 1.171.0+) Whether to enable screen recording. Valid values: `off`, `alltime`, `period`.
* `recordingStartTime` - (Optional, Available in 1.171.0+) The start time of recording, value: `hh:mm:ss`. This return value is meaningful only when the value of `recording` is `period`.
* `recordingEndTime` - (Optional, Available in 1.171.0+) The end time of recording, value: `hh:mm:ss`. This return value is meaningful only when the value of `recording` is `period`.
* `recordingFps` - (Optional, Computed, Available in 1.171.0+) The fps of recording. Valid values: `2`, `5`, `10`, `15`.
* `cameraRedirect` - (Optional, Computed, Available in 1.171.0+) Whether to enable local camera redirection. Valid values: `on`, `off`.
* `recordingExpires` - (Optional, Available in 1.186.0+) The screen recording video retention. Valid values between 30 and 180. This return value is meaningful only when the value of `recording` is `period` or `alltime`.

#### Block authorize_security_policy_rules

The authorize_security_policy_rules supports the following: 

* `cidrIp` - (Optional) The cidrip of security rules.
* `description` - (Optional) The description of security rules.
* `ipProtocol` - (Optional) The ip protocol of security rules.
* `policy` - (Optional) The policy of security rules.
* `portRange` - (Optional) The port range of security rules.
* `priority` - (Optional) The priority of security rules.
* `type` - (Optional) The type of security rules.

#### Block authorize_access_policy_rules

The authorize_access_policy_rules supports the following: 

* `cidrIp` - (Optional) The cidrip of authorize access rule.
* `description` - (Optional) The description of authorize access rule.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `id` - The resource ID in terraform of Policy Group.
* `status` - The status of policy.

## Import

Elastic Desktop Service (ECD) Policy Group can be imported using the id, e.g.

```shell
$ terraform import alicloud_ecd_policy_group.example <id>
```

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-9f6976d61b86038a3364d45e9f5202e4dc403fbbb70eb64709a56a65914ff6d9 -->