---
subcategory: "Elastic IP Address (EIP)"
layout: "alicloud"
page_title: "Alicloud: alicloud_eip"
sidebar_current: "docs-alicloud-resource-eip"
description: |-
  Provides a ECS EIP resource.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# alicloud\_eip

Provides an elastic IP resource.

-> **DEPRECATED:**  This resource  has been deprecated from version `11260`. Please use new resource [alicloud_eip_address](https://www.terraform.io/docs/providers/alicloud/r/eip_address).

-> **NOTE:** The resource only supports to create `PostPaid PayByTraffic`  or `PrePaid PayByBandwidth` elastic IP for international account. Otherwise, you will happened error `commodityInvalidComponent`.
Your account is international if you can use it to login in [International Web Console](https://account.alibabacloud.com/login/login.htm).

-> **NOTE:** From version 1.10.1, this resource supports creating "PrePaid" EIP. In addition, it supports setting EIP name and description.

## Example Usage

```typescript
import * as constructs from "constructs";
import * as cdktf from "cdktf";
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as alicloud from "./.gen/providers/alicloud";
class MyConvertedCode extends cdktf.TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: constructs.Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    new alicloud.eip.Eip(this, "example", {
      bandwidth: "10",
      internetChargeType: "PayByBandwidth",
    });
  }
}

```

## Module Support

You can use the existing [eip module](https://registry.terraform.io/modules/terraform-alicloud-modules/eip/alicloud) 
to create several EIP instances and associate them with other resources one-click, like ECS instances, SLB, Nat Gateway and so on.

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Deprecated) It has been deprecated from version 1.126.0 and using new attribute `addressName` instead.
* `addressName` - (Optional) The name of the EIP instance. This name can have a string of 2 to 128 characters, must contain only alphanumeric characters or hyphens, such as "-",".","_", and must not begin or end with a hyphen, and must not begin with http:// or https://.
* `description` - (Optional) Description of the EIP instance, This description can have a string of 2 to 256 characters, It cannot begin with http:// or https://. Default value is null.
* `bandwidth` - (Optional) Maximum bandwidth to the elastic public network, measured in Mbps (Mega bit per second). If this value is not specified, then automatically sets it to 5 Mbps.
* `internetChargeType` - (Optional, ForceNew) Internet charge type of the EIP, Valid values are `payByBandwidth`, `payByTraffic`. Default to `payByBandwidth`. **NOTE:** From version `171` to `11250`, it defaults to `payByTraffic`. It is only "PayByBandwidth" when `instanceChargeType` is PrePaid.
* `instanceChargeType` - (Depreacted, Optional, ForceNew) (It has been deprecated from version 1.126.0 and using new attribute `paymentType` instead) Elastic IP instance charge type. Valid values are "PrePaid" and "PostPaid". Default to "PostPaid".
* `paymentType` - (Optional, ForceNew) The billing method of the EIP. Valid values: `subscription` and `payAsYouGo`. Default value is `payAsYouGo`.
* `period` - (Optional) The duration that you will buy the resource, in month. It is valid when `instanceChargeType` is `prePaid`. Valid values: [1-9, 12, 24, 36]. At present, the provider does not support modify "period" and you can do that via web console.
**NOTE:** The attribute `period` is only used to create Subscription instance or modify the PayAsYouGo instance to Subscription. Once effect, it will not be modified that means running `terraform apply` will not effect the resource.
* `isp` - (Optional, ForceNew, Available in 1.47.0+) The line type of the Elastic IP instance. Default to `bgp`. Other type of the isp need to open a whitelist.
* `tags` - (Optional, Available in v1.55.3+) A mapping of tags to assign to the resource.
* `resourceGroupId` - (Optional, Available in 1.58.0+, Modifiable in 1.115.0+) The Id of resource group which the eip belongs.
* `deletionProtection` - (Optional, Available in v1.124.4+) Whether enable the deletion protection or not. Default value: `false`.
  - true: Enable deletion protection.
  - false: Disable deletion protection.
  
## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `id` - The EIP ID.
* `status` - The EIP current status.
* `ipAddress` - The elastic ip address

## Import

Elastic IP address can be imported using the id, e.g.

```shell
$ terraform import alicloud_eip_address.example eip-abc12345678
```

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-fb6241f18b4fbb6a8bb8e14138a68b1ea89749438e95d14d6f721c9b3ebc0d76 -->