---
subcategory: "Elastic IP Address (EIP)"
layout: "alicloud"
page_title: "Alicloud: alicloud_eip_address"
sidebar_current: "docs-alicloud-resource-eip-address"
description: |-
  Provides a Alicloud EIP Address resource.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# alicloud\_eip\_address

Provides a EIP Address resource.

For information about EIP Address and how to use it, see [What is EIP Address](https://www.alibabacloud.com/help/en/doc-detail/36016.htm).

-> **NOTE:** Available in v1.126.0+.

-> **NOTE:** BGP (Multi-ISP) lines are supported in all regions. BGP (Multi-ISP) Pro lines are supported only in the China (Hong Kong) region.

-> **NOTE:** The resource only supports to create `PayAsYouGo PayByTraffic`  or `Subscription PayByBandwidth` elastic IP for international account. Otherwise, you will happened error `commodityInvalidComponent`.
Your account is international if you can use it to login in [International Web Console](https://account.alibabacloud.com/login/login.htm).

## Example Usage

Basic Usage

```typescript
import * as constructs from "constructs";
import * as cdktf from "cdktf";
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as alicloud from "./.gen/providers/alicloud";
class MyConvertedCode extends cdktf.TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: constructs.Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    new alicloud.eipAddress.EipAddress(this, "example", {
      addressName: "tf-testAcc1234",
      internetChargeType: "PayByBandwidth",
      isp: "BGP",
      paymentType: "PayAsYouGo",
    });
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `activityId` - (Optional) The activity id.
* `addressName` - (Optional) The name of the EIP instance. This name can have a string of 2 to 128 characters, must contain only alphanumeric characters or hyphens, such as "-",".","_", and must not begin or end with a hyphen, and must not begin with http:// or https://.
* `bandwidth` - (Optional, Computed) The maximum bandwidth of the EIP. Valid values: `1` to `200`. Unit: Mbit/s. Default value: `5`.
* `deletionProtection` - (Optional, Computed) Whether enable the deletion protection or not. Default value: `false`.
* `description` - (Optional) The description of the EIP.
* `internetChargeType` - (Optional, ForceNew) The metering method of the EIP. 
  Valid values: `payByDominantTraffic`, `payByBandwidth` and `payByTraffic`. Default to `payByBandwidth`. **NOTE:** It must be set to "PayByBandwidth" when `paymentType` is "Subscription".
* `isp` - (Optional, ForceNew) The line type. You can set this parameter only when you create a `payAsYouGo` EIP. Valid values: 
  - `bgp`: BGP (Multi-ISP) lines.Up to 89 high-quality BGP lines are available worldwide. Direct connections with multiple Internet Service Providers (ISPs), including Telecom, Unicom, Mobile, Railcom, Netcom, CERNET, China Broadcast Network, Dr. Peng, and Founder, can be established in all regions in mainland China.
  - `bgpPro`: BGP (Multi-ISP) Pro lines optimize data transmission to mainland China and improve connection quality for international services. Compared with BGP (Multi-ISP), when BGP (Multi-ISP) Pro provides services to clients in mainland China (excluding data centers), cross-border connections are established without using international ISP services. This reduces network latency.
  - `chinaTelecom`: China Telecom.
  - `chinaUnicom`: China Unicom.
  - `chinaMobile`: China Mobile.
  - `chinaTelecomL2`: China Telecom L2.
  - `chinaUnicomL2`: China Unicom L2.
  - `chinaMobileL2`: China Mobile L2.
  - `bgpFinanceCloud`: If your services are deployed in China East 1 Finance, this parameter is required and you must set the value to `bgpFinanceCloud`.
  **NOTE:** From version 1.203.0, `isp` can be set to `chinaTelecom`, `chinaUnicom`, `chinaMobile`, `chinaTelecomL2`, `chinaUnicomL2`, `chinaMobileL2`, `bgpFinanceCloud`.
* `netmode` - (Optional) The type of the network. Valid value is `public` (Internet).
* `paymentType` - (Optional, ForceNew) The billing method of the EIP. Valid values: `subscription` and `payAsYouGo`. Default value is `payAsYouGo`. 
* `period` - (Optional) The duration that you will buy the resource, in month. It is valid when `paymentType` is `subscription`. Valid values: [1-9, 12, 24, 36]. At present, the provider does not support modify "period" and you can do that via web console.
* `resourceGroupId` - (Optional) The ID of the resource group.
* `tags` - (Optional) A mapping of tags to assign to the resource.
* `autoPay`  - (Optional, Available in v1.140.0+) Whether to pay automatically. Valid values: `true` and `false`. Default value: `true`. When `autoPay` is `true`, The order will be automatically paid. When `autoPay` is `false`, The order needs to go to the order center to complete the payment. **NOTE:** When `paymentType` is `subscription`, this parameter is valid.
* `securityProtectionTypes` - (Optional, ForceNew, Available in v1.184.0+) The edition of Anti-DDoS. If you do not set this parameter, Anti-DDoS is basic level. If you set the value to `antiDDoSEnhanced`, High capacity Anti-DDoS Origin is enabled.
* `instanceChargeType` - (Optional, ForceNew, Deprecated from v1.126.0+) Field `instanceChargeType` has been deprecated from provider version 1.126.0, and it will be removed in the future version. Please use the new attribute `paymentType` instead.
* `name` - (Optional, Computed, Deprecated from v1.126.0+) Field `name` has been deprecated from provider version 1.126.0, and it will be removed in the future version. Please use the new attribute `addressName` instead.
* `publicIpAddressPoolId` - (Optional, ForceNew, Available in v1.189.0+) The ID of the IP address pool. The EIP is allocated from the IP address pool. **NOTE:** The feature is available only to users whose accounts are included in the whitelist. If you want to use the feature,[submit a ticket](https://www.alibabacloud.com/help/en/virtual-private-cloud/latest/429100).
* `highDefinitionMonitorLogStatus` - (Optional, Available in v1.200.0+) The status of the EIP. configuring high precision second-by-second monitoring for EIP. Valid values: `on` and `off`.
* `logProject` - (Optional, Available in v1.200.0+) The Name of the logging service LogProject. Current parameter is required when configuring high precision second-by-second monitoring for EIP.
* `logStore` - (Optional, Available in v1.200.0+) The Name of the logging service LogStore. Current parameter is required when configuring high precision second-by-second monitoring for EIP.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `id` - The resource ID in terraform of Address.
* `status` - The status of the EIP. Valid values:  `associating`: The EIP is being associated. `unassociating`: The EIP is being disassociated. `inUse`: The EIP is allocated. `available`:The EIP is available.
* `ipAddress` - The address of the EIP.

### Timeouts

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://www.terraform.io/docs/configuration-0-11/resources.html#timeouts) for certain actions:

* `create` - (Defaults to 9 mins) Used when create the Address.
* `update` - (Defaults to 9 mins) Used when update the Address.
* `delete` - (Defaults to 9 mins) Used when delete the Address.

## Import

EIP Address can be imported using the id, e.g.

```shell
$ terraform import alicloud_eip_address.example <id>
```

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-71d5b276a1dc622c125e5e2d26644ec4214669656745edbe4afe4ee4339eaf0c -->