---
subcategory: "Auto Scaling"
layout: "alicloud"
page_title: "Alicloud: alicloud_ess_scaling_configuration"
sidebar_current: "docs-alicloud-resource-ess-scaling-configuration"
description: |-
  Provides a ESS scaling configuration resource.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# alicloud\_ess\_scaling\_configuration

Provides a ESS scaling configuration resource.

-> **NOTE:** Several instance types have outdated in some regions and availability zones, such as `ecsT1.*`, `ecsS2.*`, `ecsN1.*` and so on. If you want to keep them, you should set `isOutdated` to true. For more about the upgraded instance type, refer to `alicloudInstanceTypes` datasource.

## Example Usage

```typescript
import * as constructs from "constructs";
import * as cdktf from "cdktf";
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as alicloud from "./.gen/providers/alicloud";
class MyConvertedCode extends cdktf.TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: constructs.Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    /*Terraform Variables are not always the best fit for getting inputs in the context of Terraform CDK.
    You can read more about this at https://cdk.tf/variables*/
    const name = new cdktf.TerraformVariable(this, "name", {
      default: "essscalingconfiguration",
    });
    const alicloudVpcDefault = new alicloud.vpc.Vpc(this, "default", {
      cidrBlock: "172.16.0.0/16",
      name: name.stringValue,
    });
    const dataAlicloudImagesDefault =
      new alicloud.dataAlicloudImages.DataAlicloudImages(this, "default_2", {
        mostRecent: true,
        nameRegex: "^ubuntu_18.*64",
        owners: "system",
      });
    /*This allows the Terraform resource name to match the original name. You can remove the call if you don't need them to match.*/
    dataAlicloudImagesDefault.overrideLogicalId("default");
    const dataAlicloudZonesDefault =
      new alicloud.dataAlicloudZones.DataAlicloudZones(this, "default_3", {
        availableDiskCategory: "cloud_efficiency",
        availableResourceCreation: "VSwitch",
      });
    /*This allows the Terraform resource name to match the original name. You can remove the call if you don't need them to match.*/
    dataAlicloudZonesDefault.overrideLogicalId("default");
    const alicloudSecurityGroupDefault =
      new alicloud.securityGroup.SecurityGroup(this, "default_4", {
        name: name.stringValue,
        vpcId: cdktf.Token.asString(alicloudVpcDefault.id),
      });
    /*This allows the Terraform resource name to match the original name. You can remove the call if you don't need them to match.*/
    alicloudSecurityGroupDefault.overrideLogicalId("default");
    const alicloudSecurityGroupRuleDefault =
      new alicloud.securityGroupRule.SecurityGroupRule(this, "default_5", {
        cidrIp: "172.16.0.0/24",
        ipProtocol: "tcp",
        nicType: "intranet",
        policy: "accept",
        portRange: "22/22",
        priority: 1,
        securityGroupId: cdktf.Token.asString(alicloudSecurityGroupDefault.id),
        type: "ingress",
      });
    /*This allows the Terraform resource name to match the original name. You can remove the call if you don't need them to match.*/
    alicloudSecurityGroupRuleDefault.overrideLogicalId("default");
    const alicloudVswitchDefault = new alicloud.vswitch.Vswitch(
      this,
      "default_6",
      {
        cidrBlock: "172.16.0.0/24",
        vpcId: cdktf.Token.asString(alicloudVpcDefault.id),
        vswitchName: name.stringValue,
        zoneId: cdktf.Token.asString(
          cdktf.propertyAccess(dataAlicloudZonesDefault.zones, ["0", "id"])
        ),
      }
    );
    /*This allows the Terraform resource name to match the original name. You can remove the call if you don't need them to match.*/
    alicloudVswitchDefault.overrideLogicalId("default");
    const dataAlicloudInstanceTypesDefault =
      new alicloud.dataAlicloudInstanceTypes.DataAlicloudInstanceTypes(
        this,
        "default_7",
        {
          availabilityZone: cdktf.Token.asString(
            cdktf.propertyAccess(dataAlicloudZonesDefault.zones, ["0", "id"])
          ),
          cpuCoreCount: 2,
          memorySize: 4,
        }
      );
    /*This allows the Terraform resource name to match the original name. You can remove the call if you don't need them to match.*/
    dataAlicloudInstanceTypesDefault.overrideLogicalId("default");
    const alicloudEssScalingGroupDefault =
      new alicloud.essScalingGroup.EssScalingGroup(this, "default_8", {
        maxSize: 1,
        minSize: 1,
        removalPolicies: ["OldestInstance", "NewestInstance"],
        scalingGroupName: name.stringValue,
        vswitchIds: [cdktf.Token.asString(alicloudVswitchDefault.id)],
      });
    /*This allows the Terraform resource name to match the original name. You can remove the call if you don't need them to match.*/
    alicloudEssScalingGroupDefault.overrideLogicalId("default");
    const alicloudEssScalingConfigurationDefault =
      new alicloud.essScalingConfiguration.EssScalingConfiguration(
        this,
        "default_9",
        {
          active: true,
          forceDelete: true,
          imageId: cdktf.Token.asString(
            cdktf.propertyAccess(dataAlicloudImagesDefault.images, ["0", "id"])
          ),
          instanceType: cdktf.Token.asString(
            cdktf.propertyAccess(
              dataAlicloudInstanceTypesDefault.instanceTypes,
              ["0", "id"]
            )
          ),
          scalingGroupId: cdktf.Token.asString(
            alicloudEssScalingGroupDefault.id
          ),
          securityGroupId: cdktf.Token.asString(
            alicloudSecurityGroupDefault.id
          ),
        }
      );
    /*This allows the Terraform resource name to match the original name. You can remove the call if you don't need them to match.*/
    alicloudEssScalingConfigurationDefault.overrideLogicalId("default");
  }
}

```

## Module Support

You can use to the existing [autoscaling module](https://registry.terraform.io/modules/terraform-alicloud-modules/autoscaling/alicloud) 
to create a configuration, scaling group and lifecycle hook one-click.

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `scalingGroupId` - (Required, ForceNew) ID of the scaling group of a scaling configuration.
* `imageId` - (Optional) ID of an image file, indicating the image resource selected when an instance is enabled.
* `imageName` - (Optional, Available in 1.92.0+) Name of an image file, indicating the image resource selected when an instance is enabled.
* `instanceType` - (Optional) Resource type of an ECS instance.
* `instanceTypes` - (Optional, Available in 1.46.0+) Resource types of an ECS instance.
* `instanceName` - (Optional) Name of an ECS instance. Default to "ESS-Instance". It is valid from version 1.7.1.
* `ioOptimized` - (Deprecated) It has been deprecated on instance resource. All the launched alicloud instances will be I/O optimized.
* `isOutdated` - (Optional) Whether to use outdated instance type. Default to false.
* `securityGroupId` - (Optional) ID of the security group used to create new instance. It is conflict with `securityGroupIds`.
* `securityGroupIds` - (Optional, Available in 1.43.0+) List IDs of the security group used to create new instances. It is conflict with `securityGroupId`.
* `scalingConfigurationName` - (Optional) Name shown for the scheduled task. which must contain 2-64 characters (English or Chinese), starting with numbers, English letters or Chinese characters, and can contain number, underscores `_`, hypens `-`, and decimal point `.`. If this parameter value is not specified, the default value is ScalingConfigurationId.
* `internetChargeType` - (Optional) Network billing type, Values: PayByBandwidth or PayByTraffic. Default to `payByBandwidth`.
* `internetMaxBandwidthIn` - (Optional) Maximum incoming bandwidth from the public network, measured in Mbps (Mega bit per second). The value range is [1,200].
* `internetMaxBandwidthOut` - (Optional) Maximum outgoing bandwidth from the public network, measured in Mbps (Mega bit per second). The value range for PayByBandwidth is [0,100].
* `creditSpecification` - (Optional, Available in 1.98.0+) Performance mode of the t5 burstable instance. Valid values: 'Standard', 'Unlimited'.
* `systemDiskCategory` - (Optional) Category of the system disk. The parameter value options are `ephemeralSsd`, `cloudEfficiency`, `cloudSsd`, `cloudEssd` and `cloud`. `cloud` only is used to some no I/O optimized instance. Default to `cloudEfficiency`.
* `systemDiskSize` - (Optional) Size of system disk, in GiB. Optional values: cloud: 20-500, cloud_efficiency: 20-500, cloud_ssd: 20-500, ephemeral_ssd: 20-500 The default value is max{40, ImageSize}. If this parameter is set, the system disk size must be greater than or equal to max{40, ImageSize}.
* `systemDiskName` - (Optional, Available in 1.92.0+) The name of the system disk. It must be 2 to 128 characters in length. It must start with a letter and cannot start with http:// or https://. It can contain letters, digits, colons (:), underscores (_), and hyphens (-). Default value: null.
* `systemDiskDescription` - (Optional, Available in 1.92.0+) The description of the system disk. The description must be 2 to 256 characters in length and cannot start with http:// or https://.
* `systemDiskAutoSnapshotPolicyId` - (Optional, Available in 1.92.0+) The id of auto snapshot policy for system disk.
* `systemDiskPerformanceLevel` - (Optional, Available in 1.124.3+) The performance level of the ESSD used as the system disk.
* `systemDiskEncrypted` - (Optional, Available in 1.199.0+) Whether to encrypt the system disk.
* `enable` - (Optional) Whether enable the specified scaling group(make it active) to which the current scaling configuration belongs.
* `active` - (Optional) Whether active current scaling configuration in the specified scaling group. Default to `false`.
* `substitute` - (Optional) The another scaling configuration which will be active automatically and replace current configuration when setting `active` to 'false'. It is invalid when `active` is 'true'.
* `userData` - (Optional) User-defined data to customize the startup behaviors of the ECS instance and to pass data into the ECS instance.
* `keyName` - (Optional) The name of key pair that can login ECS instance successfully without password. If it is specified, the password would be invalid.
* `roleName` - (Optional) Instance RAM role name. The name is provided and maintained by RAM. You can use `alicloudRamRole` to create a new one.
* `forceDelete` - (Optional) The last scaling configuration will be deleted forcibly with deleting its scaling group. Default to false.
* `dataDisk` - (Optional) DataDisk mappings to attach to ecs instance. See [Block datadisk](#block-datadisk) below for details.
* `instancePatternInfo` - (Optional,Available in 1.177.0+) intelligent configuration mode. In this mode, you only need to specify the number of vCPUs, memory size, instance family, and maximum price. The system selects an instance type that is provided at the lowest price based on your configurations to create ECS instances. This mode is available only for scaling groups that reside in virtual private clouds (VPCs). This mode helps reduce the failures of scale-out activities caused by insufficient inventory of instance types
* `instanceIds` - (Deprecated) It has been deprecated from version 1.6.0. New resource `alicloudEssAttachment` replaces it.
* `tags` - (Optional) A mapping of tags to assign to the resource. It will be applied for ECS instances finally.
    - Key: It can be up to 64 characters in length. It cannot begin with "aliyun", "http://", or "https://". It cannot be a null string.
    - Value: It can be up to 128 characters in length. It cannot begin with "aliyun", "http://", or "https://" It can be a null string.
* `override` - (Optional, Available in 1.46.0+) Indicates whether to overwrite the existing data. Default to false.
* `passwordInherit` - (Optional, Available in 1.62.0+) Specifies whether to use the password that is predefined in the image. If the PasswordInherit parameter is set to true, the `password` and `kmsEncryptedPassword` will be ignored. You must ensure that the selected image has a password configured.
* `password` - (Optional, ForceNew, Available in 1.60.0+) The password of the ECS instance. The password must be 8 to 30 characters in length. It must contains at least three of the following character types: uppercase letters, lowercase letters, digits, and special characters. Special characters include `() ~!@#$%^&*-_+=\|{}[]:;'<>,.?/`, The password of Windows-based instances cannot start with a forward slash (/).
* `kmsEncryptedPassword` - (Optional, ForceNew, Available in 1.60.0+) An KMS encrypts password used to a db account. If the `password` is filled in, this field will be ignored.
* `kmsEncryptionContext` - (Optional, MapString, Available in 1.60.0+) An KMS encryption context used to decrypt `kmsEncryptedPassword` before creating or updating a db account with `kmsEncryptedPassword`. See [Encryption Context](https://www.alibabacloud.com/help/doc-detail/42975.htm). It is valid when `kmsEncryptedPassword` is set.
* `resourceGroupId` - (Optional, Available in 1.135.0+) ID of resource group.
* `hostName` - (Optional, Available in 1.143.0+) Hostname of an ECS instance.
* `spotStrategy` - (Optional, Available in 1.151.0+) The spot strategy for a Pay-As-You-Go instance. Valid values: `noSpot`, `spotAsPriceGo`, `spotWithPriceLimit`.
* `spotPriceLimit` - (Optional, Available in 1.151.0+) Sets the maximum price hourly for instance types. See [Block spotPriceLimit](#block-spotPriceLimit) below for details.

-> **NOTE:** Before enabling the scaling group, it must have a active scaling configuration.

-> **NOTE:** If the number of attached ECS instances by `instanceIds` is smaller than MinSize, the Auto Scaling Service will automatically create ECS Pay-As-You-Go instance to cater to MinSize. For example, MinSize=5 and 2 existing ECS instances has been attached to the scaling group. When the scaling group is enabled, it will create 3 instnaces automatically based on its current active scaling configuration.

-> **NOTE:** Restrictions on attaching ECS instances:

   - The attached ECS instances and the scaling group must have the same region and network type(`classic` or `vpc`).
   - The attached ECS instances and the instance with active scaling configurations must have the same instance type.
   - The attached ECS instances must in the running state.
   - The attached ECS instances has not been attached to other scaling groups.
   - The attached ECS instances supports Subscription and Pay-As-You-Go payment methods.

-> **NOTE:** The last scaling configuration can't be set to inactive and deleted alone.


## Block datadisk

The datadisk mapping supports the following:

* `size` - (Optional) Size of data disk, in GB. The value ranges [5,2000] for a cloud disk, [5,1024] for an ephemeral disk, [5,800] for an ephemeral_ssd disk, [20,32768] for cloud_efficiency, cloud_ssd, cloud_essd disk. 
* `device` - (Optional, Available in 1.92.0+) The mount point of data disk N. Valid values of N: 1 to 16. If this parameter is not specified, the system automatically allocates a mount point to created ECS instances. The name of the mount point ranges from /dev/xvdb to /dev/xvdz in alphabetical order.
* `category` - (Optional) Category of data disk. The parameter value options are `ephemeralSsd`, `cloudEfficiency`, `cloudSsd` and `cloud`.
* `snapshotId` - (Optional) Snapshot used for creating the data disk. If this parameter is specified, the size parameter is neglected, and the size of the created disk is the size of the snapshot. 
* `deleteWithInstance` - (Optional) Whether to delete data disks attached on ecs when release ecs instance. Optional value: `true` or `false`, default to `true`.
* `encrypted` - (Optional, Available in 1.92.0+) Specifies whether data disk N is to be encrypted. Valid values of N: 1 to 16. Valid values: `true`: encrypted, `false`: not encrypted. Default value: `false`.
* `kmsKeyId` - (Optional, Available in 1.92.0+) The CMK ID for data disk N. Valid values of N: 1 to 16.
* `name` - (Optional, Available in 1.92.0+) The name of data disk N. Valid values of N: 1 to 16. It must be 2 to 128 characters in length. It must start with a letter and cannot start with http:// or https://. It can contain letters, digits, colons (:), underscores (_), and hyphens (-). Default value: null.
* `description` - (Optional, Available in 1.92.0+) The description of data disk N. Valid values of N: 1 to 16. The description must be 2 to 256 characters in length and cannot start with http:// or https://.
* `autoSnapshotPolicyId` - (Optional, Available in 1.92.0+) The id of auto snapshot policy for data disk.
* `performanceLevel` - (Optional, Available in 1.124.3+) The performance level of the ESSD used as data disk.

## Block instancePatternInfo

The instancePatternInfo mapping supports the following:

* `cores` - (Optional) The number of vCPUs that are specified for an instance type in instancePatternInfo.
* `instanceFamilyLevel` - (Optional) The instance family level in instancePatternInfo.
* `maxPrice` - (Optional) The maximum hourly price for a pay-as-you-go instance or a preemptible instance in instancePatternInfo.
* `memory` - (Optional) The memory size that is specified for an instance type in instancePatternInfo.

## Block spotPriceLimit

The spotPriceLimit mapping supports the following:

* `instanceType` - (Optional, Available in 1.151.0+) Resource type of an ECS instance.
* `priceLimit` - (Optional, Available in 1.151.0+) Price limit hourly of instance type, 2 decimals is allowed at most.


## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `id` - The scaling configuration ID.

## Import

ESS scaling configuration can be imported using the id, e.g.

```shell
$ terraform import alicloud_ess_scaling_configuration.example asg-abc123456
```

-> **NOTE:** Available in 1.46.0+

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-41f302c797264b7294ba037dc7d6c75015c6d69852a14c7ec96701845e99f29e -->