---
subcategory: "Express Connect"
layout: "alicloud"
page_title: "Alicloud: alicloud_express_connect_virtual_border_router"
sidebar_current: "docs-alicloud-resource-express-connect-virtual-border-router"
description: |-
  Provides a Alicloud Express Connect Virtual Border Router resource.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# alicloud\_express\_connect\_virtual\_border\_router

Provides a Express Connect Virtual Border Router resource.

For information about Express Connect Virtual Border Router and how to use it, see [What is Virtual Border Router](https://www.alibabacloud.com/help/en/doc-detail/44854.htm).

-> **NOTE:** Available in v1.134.0+.

## Example Usage

Basic Usage

```typescript
import * as constructs from "constructs";
import * as cdktf from "cdktf";
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as alicloud from "./.gen/providers/alicloud";
class MyConvertedCode extends cdktf.TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: constructs.Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    const dataAlicloudExpressConnectPhysicalConnectionsNameRegex =
      new alicloud.dataAlicloudExpressConnectPhysicalConnections.DataAlicloudExpressConnectPhysicalConnections(
        this,
        "nameRegex",
        {
          nameRegex: "^my-PhysicalConnection",
        }
      );
    new alicloud.expressConnectVirtualBorderRouter.ExpressConnectVirtualBorderRouter(
      this,
      "example",
      {
        detectMultiplier: 10,
        localGatewayIp: "10.0.0.1",
        minRxInterval: 1000,
        minTxInterval: 1000,
        peerGatewayIp: "10.0.0.2",
        peeringSubnetMask: "255.255.255.252",
        physicalConnectionId: cdktf.Token.asString(
          cdktf.propertyAccess(
            dataAlicloudExpressConnectPhysicalConnectionsNameRegex.connections,
            ["0", "id"]
          )
        ),
        virtualBorderRouterName: "example_value",
        vlanId: 1,
      }
    );
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `associatedPhysicalConnections` - (Optional) The associated physical connections.
* `bandwidth` - (Optional) The bandwidth.
* `circuitCode` - (Optional) Operators for physical connection circuit provided coding.
* `description` - (Optional) The description of VBR. Length is from 2 to 256 characters, must start with a letter or the Chinese at the beginning, but not at the http:// Or https:// at the beginning.
* `detectMultiplier` - (Optional, Computed) Detection time multiplier that recipient allows the sender to send a message of the maximum allowable connections for the number of packets, used to detect whether the link normal. Value: 3~10.
* `enableIpv6` - (Optional, Computed) Whether to Enable IPv6. Valid values: `false`, `true`.
* `localGatewayIp` - (Required) Alibaba Cloud-Connected IPv4 address.
* `localIpv6GatewayIp` - (Optional) Alibaba Cloud-Connected IPv6 Address.
* `minRxInterval` - (Optional, Computed) Configure BFD packet reception interval of values include: 200~1000, unit: ms.
* `minTxInterval` - (Optional, Computed) Configure BFD packet transmission interval maximum value: 200~1000, unit: ms.
* `peerGatewayIp` - (Required) The Client-Side Interconnection IPv4 Address.
* `peerIpv6GatewayIp` - (Optional) The Client-Side Interconnection IPv6 Address.
* `peeringIpv6SubnetMask` - (Optional) Alibaba Cloud-Connected IPv6 with Client-Side Interconnection IPv6 of Subnet Mask.
* `peeringSubnetMask` - (Required) Alibaba Cloud-Connected IPv4 and Client-Side Interconnection IPv4 of Subnet Mask.
* `physicalConnectionId` - (Required, ForceNew) The ID of the Physical Connection to Which the ID.
* `status` - (Optional, Computed) The instance state. Valid values: `active`, `deleting`, `recovering`, `terminated`, `terminating`, `unconfirmed`.
* `vbrOwnerId` - (Optional) The vbr owner id.
* `virtualBorderRouterName` - (Optional) The name of VBR. Length is from 2 to 128 characters, must start with a letter or the Chinese at the beginning can contain numbers, the underscore character (_) and dash (-). But do not start with http:// or https:// at the beginning.
* `vlanId` - (Required) The VLAN ID of the VBR. Value range: 0~2999.
* `includeCrossAccountVbr` - (Optional, Available in 1.191.0+) Whether cross account border routers are included. Valid values: `false`, `true`. Default: `true`. 

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `id` - The resource ID in terraform of Virtual Border Router.
* `routeTableId` - (Available in v1.166.0+) The Route Table ID Of the Virtual Border Router.

### Timeouts

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://www.terraform.io/docs/configuration-0-11/resources.html#timeouts) for certain actions:

* `update` - (Defaults to 2 mins) Used when update the Virtual Border Router.

## Import

Express Connect Virtual Border Router can be imported using the id, e.g.

```shell
$ terraform import alicloud_express_connect_virtual_border_router.example <id>
```

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-d0ceeba5b99bd34fde0fbd7a81f3c6822cdf08d68be0e5689e4a6fee1df81cb8 -->