---
subcategory: "Express Connect"
layout: "alicloud"
page_title: "Alicloud: alicloud_express_connect_virtual_physical_connection"
sidebar_current: "docs-alicloud-resource-express-connect-virtual-physical-connection"
description: |-
  Provides a Alicloud Express Connect Virtual Physical Connection resource.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# alicloud_express_connect_virtual_physical_connection

Provides a Express Connect Virtual Physical Connection resource.

For information about Express Connect Virtual Physical Connection and how to use it, see [What is Virtual Physical Connection](https://www.alibabacloud.com/help/en/express-connect/latest/createvirtualphysicalconnection#doc-api-Vpc-CreateVirtualPhysicalConnection).

-> **NOTE:** Available in v1.196.0+.

## Example Usage

Basic Usage

```typescript
import * as constructs from "constructs";
import * as cdktf from "cdktf";
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as alicloud from "./.gen/providers/alicloud";
class MyConvertedCode extends cdktf.TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: constructs.Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    const dataAlicloudExpressConnectPhysicalConnectionsDefault =
      new alicloud.dataAlicloudExpressConnectPhysicalConnections.DataAlicloudExpressConnectPhysicalConnections(
        this,
        "default",
        {
          nameRegex: "^preserved-NODELETING",
        }
      );
    const alicloudExpressConnectVirtualPhysicalConnectionDefault =
      new alicloud.expressConnectVirtualPhysicalConnection.ExpressConnectVirtualPhysicalConnection(
        this,
        "default_1",
        {
          description: "amp_resource_test",
          orderMode: "PayByPhysicalConnectionOwner",
          parentPhysicalConnectionId: cdktf.Token.asString(
            cdktf.propertyAccess(
              dataAlicloudExpressConnectPhysicalConnectionsDefault.ids,
              ["0"]
            )
          ),
          spec: "50M",
          virtualPhysicalConnectionName: "amp_resource_test",
          vlanId: 789,
          vpconnAliUid: cdktf.Token.asString(1234567890),
        }
      );
    /*This allows the Terraform resource name to match the original name. You can remove the call if you don't need them to match.*/
    alicloudExpressConnectVirtualPhysicalConnectionDefault.overrideLogicalId(
      "default"
    );
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:
* `description` - (ForceNew,Optional) The description of the physical connection.
* `expectSpec` - (Optional) The estimated bandwidth value of the shared line. Valid values: `50M`, `100M`, `200M`, `300M`, `400M`, `500M`, `1G`, `2G`, `5G`, `8G`, and `10G`. **Note**: By default, the values of 2G, 5G, 8G, and 10G are unavailable. If you want to specify these values, contact your customer manager. Unit: **M** indicates Mbps, **G** indicates Gbps.
* `orderMode` - (Required,ForceNew) The payment method of shared dedicated line. Value:
  - **PayByPhysicalConnectionOwner**: indicates that the owner of the physical line associated with the shared line pays.
  - **PayByVirtualPhysicalConnectionOwner**: indicates that the owner of the shared line pays.
* `parentPhysicalConnectionId` - (Required,ForceNew,Computed) The ID of the instance of the physical connection.
* `resourceGroupId` - (ForceNew,Optional,) The resource group id.
* `spec` - (Required,ForceNew) The bandwidth value of the shared line. Valid values: `50M`, `100M`, `200M`, `300M`, `400M`, `500M`, `1G`, `2G`, `5G`, `8G`, and `10G`. **Note**: By default, the values of 2G, 5G, 8G, and 10G are unavailable. If you want to specify these values, contact your customer manager. Unit: **M** indicates Mbps, **G** indicates Gbps.
* `virtualPhysicalConnectionName` - (ForceNew,Optional) The name of the physical connection.
* `vlanId` - (Required) The VLAN ID of the shared leased line. Valid values: `0` to `2999`.
* `vpconnAliUid` - (Required,ForceNew) The ID of the Alibaba Cloud account (primary account) of the owner of the shared line.
* `dryRun` - (Optional) Specifies whether to precheck the API request. Valid values: `true` and `false`.


## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:
* `id` - The `key` of the resource supplied above.
* `accessPointId` - The ID of the access point of the physical connection.
* `adLocation` - The physical location where the physical connection access device is located.
* `bandwidth` - The bandwidth of the physical connection. Unit: Mbps.
* `businessStatus` - The commercial status of the physical line. Value:-**Normal**: activated.-**Financialized**: Arrears locked.-**SecurityLocked**: locked for security reasons.
* `circuitCode` - The circuit code provided by the operator for the physical connection.
* `createTime` - The creation time of the resource
* `enabledTime` - The opening time of the physical connection.
* `endTime` - The expiration time of the shared line.Time is expressed according to ISO8601 standard and UTC time is used. The format is: YYYY-MM-DDThh:mm:ssZ.
* `lineOperator` - Operators that provide access to physical lines. Value:-**CT**: China Telecom.-**CU**: China Unicom.-**CM**: China Mobile.-**CO**: China Other.-**Equinix**:Equinix.-**Other**: Other abroad.
* `loaStatus` - The state of LOA. Value:-**Applying**:LOA application.-**Accept**:LOA application passed.-**Available**:LOA is Available.-**Rejected**:LOA application Rejected.-**Completing**: The dedicated line is under construction.-**Complete**: The construction of the dedicated line is completed.-**Deleted**:LOA has been Deleted.
* `parentPhysicalConnectionAliUid` - The ID of the Alibaba Cloud account (primary account) to which the physical connection belongs.
* `peerLocation` - The geographic location of the local data center.
* `portNumber` - The port number of the physical connection device.
* `portType` - Physical connection port type. Value:-**100Base-T**: 100 megabytes port.-**1000Base-T**: Gigabit port.-**1000Base-LX**: Gigabit single mode optical port (10km).-**10GBase-T**: 10 Gigabit port.-**10GBase-LR**: 10 Gigabit single mode optical port (10km).-**40GBase-LR**: 40 megabytes single-mode optical port.-**100GBase-LR**: 100,000 megabytes single-mode optical port.
* `redundantPhysicalConnectionId` - The ID of the redundant physical connection.
* `status` - The status of the resource
* `virtualPhysicalConnectionStatus` - The business status of the shared line. Value:-**Confirmed**: The shared line has been Confirmed to receive.-**UnConfirmed**: The shared line has not been confirmed to be received.-**Deleted**: The shared line has been Deleted.

### Timeouts

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://www.terraform.io/docs/configuration-0-11/resources.html#timeouts) for certain actions:
* `create` - (Defaults to 5 mins) Used when create the Virtual Physical Connection.
* `delete` - (Defaults to 5 mins) Used when delete the Virtual Physical Connection.
* `update` - (Defaults to 5 mins) Used when update the Virtual Physical Connection.

## Import

Express Connect Virtual Physical Connection can be imported using the id, e.g.

```shell
$terraform import alicloud_express_connect_virtual_physical_connection.example <id>
```
<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-e187d7d4977ec6987ec5eeb68510d0878e4d712238c9a3dd7d339e89f1834448 -->