---
subcategory: "Express Connect"
layout: "alicloud"
page_title: "Alicloud: alicloud_express_connect_router_interface"
sidebar_current: "docs-alicloud-resource-express-connect--router-interface"
description: |-
  Provides a Alicloud Express Connect Router Interface resource.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# alicloud\_express\_connect\_router\_interface

Provides a Express Connect Router Interface resource.

For information about Express Connect Router Interface and how to use it, see [What is Router Interface](https://www.terraform.io/docs/providers/alicloud/r/router_interface_connection).

-> **NOTE:** Available in v1.199.0+.

## Example Usage

Basic Usage

```terraform
resource "alicloud_vpc" "default" {
  vpc_name   = "${var.name}"
  cidr_block = "10.1.0.0/21"
}

resource "alicloud_express_connect_router_interface" "default" {
  description           = var.name
  opposite_region_id    = "cn-hangzhou"
  router_id             = alicloud_vpc.default.router_id
  role                  = "InitiatingSide"
  router_type           = "VRouter"
  payment_type          = "PayAsYouGo"
  router_interface_name = var.name
  spec                  = "Mini.2"
}

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:
* `accessPointId` - (ForceNew,Optional) The access point ID to which the VBR belongs.
* `autoPay` - (Optional) Whether to pay automatically, value:-**false** (default): automatic payment is not enabled. After generating an order, you need to complete the payment at the order center.-**true**: Enable automatic payment to automatically pay for orders.> **InstanceChargeType** is required when the value of the parameter is **PrePaid.
* `deleteHealthCheckIp` - (Optional) Whether to delete the health check IP address configured on the router interface. Value:-**true**: deletes the health check IP address.-**false** (default): does not delete the health check IP address.
* `description` - (Optional) The description of the router interface. The description must be 2 to 256 characters in length and cannot start with http:// or https://.
* `hcRate` - (Computed,Optional) The health check rate. Unit: seconds. The recommended value is 2. This indicates the interval between successive probe messages sent during the specified health check.
* `hcThreshold` - (Computed,Optional) The health check thresholds. Unit: pcs. The recommended value is 8. This indicates the number of probe messages to be sent during the specified health check.
* `healthCheckSourceIp` - (Optional) The health check source IP address, must be an unused IP within the local VPC.
* `healthCheckTargetIp` - (Optional) The IP address for health screening purposes.
* `oppositeAccessPointId` - (ForceNew,Optional) The Access point ID to which the other end belongs.
* `oppositeInterfaceId` - (Optional) The Interface ID of the router at the other end.
* `oppositeInterfaceOwnerId` - (Optional) The AliCloud account ID of the owner of the router interface on the other end.
* `oppositeRegionId` - (Required,ForceNew) The geographical ID of the location of the receiving end of the connection.
* `oppositeRouterId` - (Optional) The id of the router at the other end.
* `oppositeRouterType` - (Optional) The opposite router type of the router on the other side. Valid Values: `vRouter`, `vbr`.
* `paymentType` - (ForceNew,Optional) The payment methods for router interfaces. Valid Values: `payAsYouGo`, `subscription`.
* `period` - (Optional) Purchase duration, value:-When you choose to pay on a monthly basis, the value range is **1 to 9 * *.-When you choose to pay per year, the value range is **1 to 3 * *.> **InstanceChargeType** is required when the value of the parameter is **PrePaid.
* `pricingCycle` - (Optional) The billing cycle of the prepaid fee. Valid values:-**Month** (default): monthly payment.-**Year**: Pay per Year.> **InstanceChargeType** is required when the value of the parameter is **PrePaid.
* `role` - (Required,ForceNew) The role of the router interface. Valid Values: `initiatingSide`, `acceptingSide`.
* `routerId` - (Required,ForceNew) The router id associated with the router interface.
* `routerInterfaceName` - (Optional) The name of the resource.
* `routerType` - (Required,ForceNew) The type of router associated with the router interface. Valid Values: `vRouter`, `vbr`.
* `spec` - (Required) The specification of the router interface. Valid Values: `mini2`, `mini5`, `mini5`, `small2`, `small5`, `middle1`, `middle2`, `middle5`, `large1`, `large2`, `large5`, `xLarge1`, `negative`.
* `status` - (Optional) The status of the resource. Valid Values: `idle`, `acceptingConnecting`, `connecting`, `activating`, `active`, `modifying`, `deactivating`, `inactive`, `deleting`.


## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:
* `id` - The `key` of the resource supplied above.
* `bandwidth` - The bandwidth of the resource.
* `businessStatus` - The businessStatus of the resource. Valid Values: `normal`, `financialLocked`, `securityLocked`.
* `connectedTime` - The connected time of the resource.
* `createTime` - The creation time of the resource.
* `crossBorder` - The cross border of the resource.
* `endTime` - The end time of the resource.
* `hasReservationData` - The has reservation data of the resource.
* `hcRate` - The hc rate of the resource.
* `hcThreshold` - The hc threshold of the resource.
* `oppositeBandwidth` - The opposite bandwidth of the router on the other side.
* `oppositeInterfaceBusinessStatus` - The opposite interface business status of the router on the other side. Valid Values: `normal`, `financialLocked`, `securityLocked`.
* `oppositeInterfaceSpec` - The opposite interface spec of the router on the other side. Valid Values: `mini2`, `mini5`, `mini5`, `small2`, `small5`, `middle1`, `middle2`, `middle5`, `large1`, `large2`, `large5`, `xLarge1`, `negative`.
* `oppositeInterfaceStatus` - The opposite interface status of the router on the other side. Valid Values: `idle`, `acceptingConnecting`, `connecting`, `activating`, `active`, `modifying`, `deactivating`, `inactive`, `deleting`.
* `oppositeVpcInstanceId` - The opposite vpc instance id of the router on the other side.
* `reservationActiveTime` - The reservation active time of the resource.
* `reservationBandwidth` - The reservation bandwidth of the resource.
* `reservationInternetChargeType` - The reservation internet charge type of the resource.
* `reservationOrderType` - The reservation order type of the resource.
* `routerInterfaceId` - The first ID of the resource.
* `vpcInstanceId` - The vpc instance id of the resource.

### Timeouts

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://www.terraform.io/docs/configuration-0-11/resources.html#timeouts) for certain actions:
* `create` - (Defaults to 5 mins) Used when create the Router Interface.
* `delete` - (Defaults to 5 mins) Used when delete the Router Interface.
* `update` - (Defaults to 5 mins) Used when update the Router Interface.

## Import

Express Connect Router Interface can be imported using the id, e.g.

```shell
$ terraform import alicloud_expressconnect_router_interface.example <id>
```
<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-f07f3a1809bedc12ce439471e0a0d6c0b6971f9d28e061928e863bbce3d5e641 -->