---
subcategory: "Global Accelerator (GA)"
layout: "alicloud"
page_title: "Alicloud: alicloud_ga_accelerator"
sidebar_current: "docs-alicloud-resource-ga-accelerator"
description: |-
  Provides a Alicloud Global Accelerator (GA) Accelerator resource.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# alicloud\_ga\_accelerator

Provides a Global Accelerator (GA) Accelerator resource.

For information about Global Accelerator (GA) Accelerator and how to use it, see [What is Accelerator](https://help.aliyun.com/document_detail/153235.html).

-> **NOTE:** At present, The `alicloudGaAccelerator` cannot be deleted. you need to wait until the resource is outdated and released automatically.

-> **NOTE:** Available in v1.111.0+.

## Example Usage

Basic Usage

```typescript
import * as constructs from "constructs";
import * as cdktf from "cdktf";
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as alicloud from "./.gen/providers/alicloud";
class MyConvertedCode extends cdktf.TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: constructs.Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    new alicloud.gaAccelerator.GaAccelerator(this, "example", {
      autoUseCoupon: true,
      duration: 1,
      spec: "1",
    });
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `acceleratorName` - (Optional) The Name of the GA instance.
* `autoUseCoupon` - (Optional) Use coupons to pay bills automatically. Default value is `false`. Valid value: `true`: Use, `false`: Not used.
* `description` - (Optional) Descriptive information of the global acceleration instance.
* `duration` - (Required) The subscription duration. **NOTE:** Starting from v1.150.0+, the `duration` and  `pricingCycle` are both required.
  * If the `pricingCycle` parameter is set to `month`, the valid values for the `duration` parameter are 1 to 9.
  * If the `pricingCycle` parameter is set to `year`, the valid values for the `duration` parameter are 1 to 3.
* `pricingCycle`- (Optional, Available in v1.150.0+) The billing cycle of the GA instance. Valid values: `month`,`year`. The default value: `month`.
  * `month`: billed on a monthly basis.
  * `year`: billed on an annual basis.
* `spec` - (Required) The instance type of the GA instance. Specification of global acceleration instance, value:
    `1`: Small 1.
    `2`: Small 2.
    `3`: Small 3.
    `5`: Medium 1.
    `8`: Medium 2.
    `10`: Medium 3.
* `autoRenewDuration` - (Optional, Available in v1.146.0+) Auto renewal period of an instance, in the unit of month. The value range is 1-12.
* `renewalStatus` - (Optional, Available in v1.146.0+) Whether to renew an accelerator automatically or not. Default to "Normal". Valid values:
  - `autoRenewal`: Enable auto renewal.
  - `normal`: Disable auto renewal.
  - `notRenewal`: No renewal any longer. After you specify this value, Alibaba Cloud stop sending notification of instance expiry, and only gives a brief reminder on the third day before the instance expiry.
* `bandwidthBillingType` - (Optional, ForceNew, Computed, Available in v1.205.0+) The bandwidth billing method. Default value: `bandwidthPackage`. Valid values:
  - `bandwidthPackage`: billed based on bandwidth plans.
  - `cdt`: billed based on data transfer.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `id` - The resource ID in terraform of Accelerator. Value as `acceleratorId`.
* `status` - The status of the GA instance.

### Timeouts

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://www.terraform.io/docs/configuration-0-11/resources.html#timeouts) for certain actions:

* `create` - (Defaults to 1 mins) Used when creating the Ga Accelerator.
* `update` - (Defaults to 6 mins) Used when updating the Ga Accelerator.

## Import

Ga Accelerator can be imported using the id, e.g.

```shell
$ terraform import alicloud_ga_accelerator.example <accelerator_id>
```

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-53080a8ee079086f35449c0f24f40d625bb47599a905c3f8903188211270f317 -->