---
subcategory: "Global Accelerator (GA)"
layout: "alicloud"
page_title: "Alicloud: alicloud_ga_bandwidth_package"
sidebar_current: "docs-alicloud-resource-ga-bandwidth-package"
description: |-
  Provides a Alicloud Global Accelerator (GA) Bandwidth Package resource.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# alicloud\_ga\_bandwidth\_package

Provides a Global Accelerator (GA) Bandwidth Package resource.

For information about Global Accelerator (GA) Bandwidth Package and how to use it, see [What is Bandwidth Package](https://www.alibabacloud.com/help/en/doc-detail/153241.htm).

-> **NOTE:** At present, The `alicloudGaBandwidthPackage` created with `subscription` cannot be deleted. you need to wait until the resource is outdated and released automatically.

-> **NOTE:** Available in v1.112.0+.

## Example Usage

Basic Usage

```typescript
import * as constructs from "constructs";
import * as cdktf from "cdktf";
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as alicloud from "./.gen/providers/alicloud";
class MyConvertedCode extends cdktf.TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: constructs.Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    new alicloud.gaBandwidthPackage.GaBandwidthPackage(this, "example", {
      autoPay: true,
      bandwidth: 20,
      bandwidthType: "Basic",
      duration: cdktf.Token.asString(1),
      ratio: 30,
      type: "Basic",
    });
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `autoPay` - (Optional) Whether to pay automatically. Valid values:
    `false`: If automatic payment is not enabled, you need to go to the order center to complete the payment after the order is generated.
    `true`: Enable automatic payment, automatic payment order.
* `autoUseCoupon` - (Optional) Whether use vouchers. Default value is `false`. Valid values: `false`: Not used, `true`: Use.
* `bandwidth` - (Required) The bandwidth value of bandwidth packet.
* `bandwidthPackageName` - (Optional) The name of the bandwidth packet.
* `bandwidthType` - (Optional) The bandwidth type of the bandwidth. Valid values: `advanced`, `basic`, `enhanced`. If `type` is set to `basic`, this parameter is required.

-> **NOTE:** At present, only basic can be configured to enhanced, but not enhanced and advanced to other types of accelerated bandwidth.

* `billingType` - (Optional, ForceNew) The billing type. Valid values: `payBy95`, `payByTraffic`.
* `cbnGeographicRegionIda` - (Optional, ForceNew, Computed) Interworking area A of cross domain acceleration package. Only international stations support returning this parameter. Default value is `chinaMainland`.
* `cbnGeographicRegionIdb` - (Optional, ForceNew, Computed) Interworking area B of cross domain acceleration package. Only international stations support returning this parameter. Default value is `global`.
* `description` - (Optional) The description of bandwidth package.
* `duration` - (Optional) The subscription duration. **NOTE:** The ForceNew attribute has be removed from version 1.148.0. If `paymentType` is set to `subscription`, this parameter is required.
* `paymentType` - (Optional, ForceNew) The payment type of the bandwidth. Valid values: `payAsYouGo`, `subscription`. Default value is `subscription`.
* `ratio` - (Optional, ForceNew) The minimum percentage for the pay-by-95th-percentile metering method. Valid values: 30 to 100.
* `type` - (Required, ForceNew) The type of the bandwidth packet. China station only supports return to basic. Valid values: `basic`, `crossDomain`.
* `autoRenewDuration` - (Optional, Available in 1.169.0+) Auto renewal period of a bandwidth packet, in the unit of month. The value range is 1-12.
* `renewalStatus` - (Optional, Computed, Available in 1.169.0+) Whether to renew a bandwidth packet. automatically or not. Valid values:
  - `autoRenewal`: Enable auto renewal.
  - `normal`: Disable auto renewal.
  - `notRenewal`: No renewal any longer. After you specify this value, Alibaba Cloud stop sending notification of instance expiry, and only gives a brief reminder on the third day before the instance expiry.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `id` - The resource ID in terraform of Bandwidth Package.
* `status` - The status of the bandwidth plan.

### Timeouts

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://www.terraform.io/docs/configuration-0-11/resources.html#timeouts) for certain actions:

* `create` - (Defaults to 3 mins) Used when create the Bandwidth Package.
* `update` - (Defaults to 5 mins) Used when update the Bandwidth Package.
* `delete` - (Defaults to 3 mins) Used when delete the Bandwidth Package.

## Import

Ga Bandwidth Package can be imported using the id, e.g.

```shell
$ terraform import alicloud_ga_bandwidth_package.example <id>
```

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-ecfed24323f94ba78e61b27d26a330b45d67158ddba3b215a2c4e9c5af8f4992 -->