---
subcategory: "Global Accelerator (GA)"
layout: "alicloud"
page_title: "Alicloud: alicloud_ga_basic_accelerator"
sidebar_current: "docs-alicloud-resource-ga-basic-accelerator"
description: |-
  Provides a Alicloud Global Accelerator (GA) Basic Accelerator resource.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# alicloud\_ga\_basic\_accelerator

Provides a Global Accelerator (GA) Basic Accelerator resource.

For information about Global Accelerator (GA) Basic Accelerator and how to use it, see [What is Basic Accelerator](https://www.alibabacloud.com/help/en/global-accelerator/latest/createbasicaccelerator).

-> **NOTE:** Available in v1.194.0+.

## Example Usage

Basic Usage

```typescript
import * as constructs from "constructs";
import * as cdktf from "cdktf";
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as alicloud from "./.gen/providers/alicloud";
class MyConvertedCode extends cdktf.TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: constructs.Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    new alicloud.gaBasicAccelerator.GaBasicAccelerator(this, "default", {
      autoPay: true,
      autoUseCoupon: "true",
      bandwidthBillingType: "BandwidthPackage",
      basicAcceleratorName: "tf-example-value",
      description: "tf-example-value",
      duration: 1,
      pricingCycle: "Month",
    });
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `duration` - (Optional) The subscription duration. Default value: `1`.
  * If the `pricingCycle` parameter is set to `month`, the valid values for the `duration` parameter are `1` to `9`.
  * If the `pricingCycle` parameter is set to `year`, the valid values for the `duration` parameter are `1` to `3`.
* `pricingCycle` - (Optional) The billing cycle. Default value: `month`. Valid values: `month`, `year`.
* `basicAcceleratorName` - (Optional) The name of the Global Accelerator Basic Accelerator instance.
* `description` - (Optional) The description of the Global Accelerator Basic Accelerator instance.
* `bandwidthBillingType` - (Optional, ForceNew) The bandwidth billing method. Valid values: `bandwidthPackage`, `cdt`, `cdt95`.
* `autoPay` - (Optional) Specifies whether to enable automatic payment. Default value: `false`. Valid values:
  - `true`: enables automatic payment. Payments are automatically completed.
  - `false`: disables automatic payment. If you select this option, you must go to the Order Center to complete the payment after an order is generated.
* `autoUseCoupon` - (Optional) Specifies whether to automatically pay bills by using coupons. Default value: `false`. **NOTE:** This parameter is required only if `autoPay` is set to `true`.
* `autoRenew` - (Optional) Specifies whether to enable auto-renewal for the GA Basic Accelerator instance. Default value: `false`. Valid values:
  - `true`: enables auto-renewal.
  - `false`: disables auto-renewal.
* `autoRenewDuration` - (Optional) The auto-renewal period. Unit: months. Valid values: `1` to `12`. Default value: `1`. **NOTE:** This parameter is required only if `autoRenew` is set to `true`.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `id` - The resource ID in terraform of Basic Accelerator.
* `status` - The status of the Basic Accelerator instance.

#### Timeouts

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://www.terraform.io/docs/configuration-0-11/resources.html#timeouts) for certain actions:

* `create` - (Defaults to 3 mins) Used when create the Basic Accelerator.
* `update` - (Defaults to 3 mins) Used when update the Basic Accelerator.
* `delete` - (Defaults to 3 mins) Used when delete the Basic Accelerator.

## Import

Global Accelerator (GA) Basic Accelerator can be imported using the id, e.g.

```shell
$ terraform import alicloud_ga_basic_accelerator.example <id>
```

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-2909e6134e7f8ce25835a1d97ded6de862726c3a6610ab97e3c3d1735ca03a29 -->