---
subcategory: "Graph Database"
layout: "alicloud"
page_title: "Alicloud: alicloud_graph_database_db_instance"
sidebar_current: "docs-alicloud-resource-graph-database-db-instance"
description: |-
  Provides a Alicloud Graph Database Db Instance resource.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# alicloud\_graph\_database\_db\_instance

Provides a Graph Database Db Instance resource.

For information about Graph Database Db Instance and how to use it, see [What is Db Instance](https://help.aliyun.com/document_detail/102865.html).

-> **NOTE:** Available in v1.136.0+.

## Example Usage

Basic Usage

```terraform
resource "alicloud_graph_database_db_instance" "example" {
  db_node_class            = "gdb.r.2xlarge"
  db_instance_network_type = "vpc"
  db_version               = "1.0"
  db_instance_category     = "HA"
  db_instance_storage_type = "cloud_ssd"
  db_node_storage          = "example_value"
  payment_type             = "PayAsYouGo"
  db_instance_description  = "example_value"
}

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `dbInstanceCategory` - (Required, ForceNew) The category of the db instance. Valid values: `ha`, `single`(Available in 1.173.0+).
* `dbInstanceDescription` - (Optional) According to the practical example or notes.
* `dbInstanceNetworkType` - (Required, ForceNew) The network type of the db instance. Valid values: `vpc`.
* `dbInstanceStorageType` - (Required) Disk storage type. Valid values: `cloudEssd`, `cloudSsd`. Modification is not supported.
* `dbNodeClass` - (Required) The class of the db node. Valid values: `gdbRXlarge`, `gdbR2Xlarge`, `gdbR4Xlarge`, `gdbR8Xlarge`, `gdbR16Xlarge`, `gdbRXlargeBasic`, `gdbR2XlargeBasic`, `gdbR4XlargeBasic`, `gdbR8XlargeBasic`, `gdbR16XlargeBasic`.
* `dbNodeStorage` - (Required) Instance storage space, which is measured in GB.
* `dbVersion` - (Required, ForceNew) Kernel Version. Valid values: `10` or `10OpenCypher`. `10`: represented as gremlin, `10OpenCypher`: said opencypher.
* `paymentType` - (Required, ForceNew) The paymen type of the resource. Valid values: `payAsYouGo`.
* `dbInstanceIpArray` - (Optional, Computed) IP ADDRESS whitelist for the instance group list. See the following `Block db_instance_ip_array`.
* `vswitchId` - (Optional, Computed, ForceNew, Available in 1.171.0+) The ID of attaching vswitch to instance.
* `vpcId` - (Optional, Computed, ForceNew, Available in 1.171.0+) ID of the VPC.
* `zoneId` - (Optional, Computed, ForceNew, Available in 1.171.0+) The zone ID of the resource.

#### Block db_instance_ip_array

The db_instance_ip_array supports the following:

* `dbInstanceIpArrayAttribute` - (Optional) The default is empty. To distinguish between the different property console does not display a `hidden` label grouping.
* `dbInstanceIpArrayName` - (Optional) IP ADDRESS whitelist group name.
* `securityIps` - (Optional) IP ADDRESS whitelist addresses in the IP ADDRESS list, and a maximum of 1000 comma-separated format is as follows: `0000/0` and `10231224`(IP) or `10231224/24`(CIDR mode, CIDR (Classless Inter-Domain Routing)/24 represents the address prefixes in the length of the range [1,32]).

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `id` - The resource ID in terraform of Db Instance.
* `status` - Instance status. Value range: `creating`, `running`, `deleting`, `rebooting`, `dbInstanceClassChanging`, `netAddressCreating` and `netAddressDeleting`.
* `connectionString` - (Available in 1.196.0+)  The connection string of the instance.
* `port` - (Available in 1.196.0+) The connection port of the instance.

### Timeouts

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://www.terraform.io/docs/configuration-0-11/resources.html#timeouts) for certain actions:

* `create` - (Defaults to 60 mins) Used when create the Db Instance.
* `delete` - (Defaults to 10 mins) Used when delete the Db Instance.
* `update` - (Defaults to 60 mins) Used when update the Db Instance.

## Import

Graph Database Db Instance can be imported using the id, e.g.

```shell
$ terraform import alicloud_graph_database_db_instance.example <id>
```

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-932c5195d4f29a1f10eed186f98046cb2aece660e77ae4ccab1f47dee5f6e1d7 -->