---
subcategory: "Hybrid Backup Recovery (HBR)"
layout: "alicloud"
page_title: "Alicloud: alicloud_hbr_vault"
sidebar_current: "docs-alicloud-resource-hbr-vault"
description: |-
  Provides a Alicloud Hybrid Backup Recovery (HBR) Backup vault resource.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# alicloud\_hbr\_vault

Provides a HBR Backup vault resource.

For information about HBR Backup vault and how to use it, see [What is Backup vault](https://www.alibabacloud.com/help/doc-detail/62362.htm).

-> **NOTE:** Available in v1.129.0+.

## Example Usage

Basic Usage

```typescript
import * as constructs from "constructs";
import * as cdktf from "cdktf";
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as alicloud from "./.gen/providers/alicloud";
class MyConvertedCode extends cdktf.TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: constructs.Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    new alicloud.hbrVault.HbrVault(this, "example", {
      vaultName: "example_value",
    });
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `vaultName` - (Required) The name of Vault.
* `description` - (Optional) The description of Vault. Defaults to an empty string.
* `vaultType` - (Optional, Computed, ForceNew) The type of Vault. Valid values: `standard`,`otsBackup`. 
* `vaultStorageClass` - (Optional, Computed, ForceNew) The storage class of Vault. Valid values: `standard`.
* `redundancyType` - (Optional, Computed, Available in v1.161.0+) The redundancy type of the vault. Valid values: `lrs`, and `zrs`. Defaults to `lrs`.
  - `lrs`: means locally redundant storage, data will be stored on different storage devices in the same zone.
  - `zrs`: means zone-redundant storage, the data will be replicated across three storage clusters in a single region. Each storage cluster is physically separated but within the same region.
* `encryptType` - (Optional, Computed, ForceNew, Available in v1.173.0+) Source Encryption Type，It is valid only when vault_type is `standard` or `otsBackup`. Valid values: `hbrPrivate`,`kms`. Defaults to `hbrPrivate`.
  - `hbrPrivate`: HBR is fully hosted, uses the backup service's own encryption method.
  - `kms`: Use Alibaba Cloud Kms to encryption.
* `kmsKeyId` - (Optional, ForceNew, Available in v1.173.0+) The key id or alias name of Alibaba Cloud Kms. It is required and valid only when encrypt_type is `kms`.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `id` - The resource ID in terraform of Vault.
* `status` - The status of Vault. Valid values: `initializing`, `created`, `error`, `unknown`.

### Timeouts

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://www.terraform.io/docs/configuration-0-11/resources.html#timeouts) for certain actions:

* `create` - (Defaults to 1 mins) Used when create the Vault.

## Import

HBR Vault can be imported using the id, e.g.

```shell
$ terraform import alicloud_hbr_vault.example <id>
```

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-8b4affc4c59b3c700ee1aca472394834743381564151aa4b14d4d31af5405184 -->