---
subcategory: "MaxCompute"
layout: "alicloud"
page_title: "Alicloud: alicloud_maxcompute_project"
sidebar_current: "docs-alicloud-resource-maxcompute-project"
description: |-
  Provides a Alicloud Max Compute Project resource.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# alicloud_maxcompute_project

Provides a Max Compute Project resource.

For information about Max Compute Project and how to use it, see [What is Project](https://help.aliyun.com/document_detail/473237.html).

-> **NOTE:** Available in v1.77.0+.

## Example Usage

Basic Usage

```terraform
resource "alicloud_maxcompute_project" "default" {
  default_quota = "默认后付费Quota"
  project_name  = "test_create_spec_one"
  comment       = "test_for_terraform"
  product_type  = "PAYASYOUGO"
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:
* `projectName` - (Required, ForceNew) The name of the project
* `comment` - (Optional) Comments of project
* `defaultQuota` - (Optional) Default Computing Resource Group
* `ipWhiteList` - (Computed,Optional) IP whitelistSee the following `Block IpWhiteList`.
* `properties` - (Computed,Optional) Project base attributesSee the following `Block Properties`.
* `securityProperties` - (Computed,Optional) Security-related attributesSee the following `Block SecurityProperties`.
* `productType` - (Optional) Quota payment type, support `payAsYouGo`, `subscription`, `dev`.
* `name` - (Optional, Remove from v1.196.0+) It has been deprecated from provider version 1.110.0 and `projectName` instead.
* `specificationType` - (Optional, Remove from v1.196.0+)  The type of resource Specification, only `odpsStandard` supported currently.
* `orderType` - (Optional, Remove from v1.196.0+) The type of payment, only `payAsYouGo` supported currently.


#### Block IpWhiteList

The IpWhiteList supports the following:
* `ipList` - (Computed,Optional) Classic network IP white list.
* `vpcIpList` - (Computed,Optional) VPC network whitelist.

#### Block Encryption

The Encryption supports the following:
* `algorithm` - (Optional, ForceNew, Computed) Algorithm.
* `enable` - (Optional, ForceNew, Computed) Whether to open.
* `key` - (Optional, ForceNew, Computed) Encryption algorithm key.

#### Block Properties

The Properties support the following:
* `allowFullScan` - (Computed,Optional) Whether to allow full table scan.
* `enableDecimal2` - (Computed,Optional) Whether to turn on Decimal2.0.
* `encryption` - (Optional, ForceNew, Computed) Whether encryption is turned on.See the following `Block Encryption`.
* `retentionDays` - (Computed,Optional) Job default retention time.
* `sqlMeteringMax` - (Optional, Computed) SQL charge limit.
* `tableLifecycle` - (Computed,Optional) Life cycle of tables.See the following `Block TableLifecycle`.
* `timezone` - (Computed,Optional) Project time zone.
* `typeSystem` - (Optional, Computed) Type system.

#### Block TableLifecycle

The TableLifecycle supports the following:
* `type` - (Computed,Optional) Life cycle type.
* `value` - (Computed,Optional) The value of the life cycle.

#### Block SecurityProperties

The SecurityProperties supports the following:
* `enableDownloadPrivilege` - (Computed,Optional) Whether to enable download permission check.
* `labelSecurity` - (Computed,Optional) Label authorization.
* `objectCreatorHasAccessPermission` - (Computed,Optional) Project creator permissions.
* `objectCreatorHasGrantPermission` - (Computed,Optional) Does the project creator have authorization rights.
* `projectProtection` - (Computed,Optional) Project protection.See the following `Block ProjectProtection`.
* `usingAcl` - (Computed,Optional) Whether to turn on ACL.
* `usingPolicy` - (Computed,Optional) Whether to enable Policy.

#### Block ProjectProtection

The ProjectProtection supports the following:
* `exceptionPolicy` - (Computed,Optional) Exclusion policy.
* `protected` - (Computed,Optional) Is it turned on.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:
* `id` - The `key` of the resource supplied above. The value is the same as `projectName`.
* `ipWhiteList` - IP whitelist
  * `ipList` - Classic network IP white list.
  * `vpcIpList` - VPC network whitelist.
* `owner` - Project owner
* `properties` - Project base attributes
  * `allowFullScan` - Whether to allow full table scan.
  * `enableDecimal2` - Whether to turn on Decimal2.0.
  * `retentionDays` - Job default retention time.
  * `tableLifecycle` - Life cycle of tables.
    * `type` - Life cycle type.
    * `value` - The value of the life cycle.
  * `timezone` - Project time zone.
* `securityProperties` - Security-related attributes
  * `enableDownloadPrivilege` - Whether to enable download permission check.
  * `labelSecurity` - Label authorization.
  * `objectCreatorHasAccessPermission` - Project creator permissions.
  * `objectCreatorHasGrantPermission` - Does the project creator have authorization rights.
  * `projectProtection` - Project protection.
    * `exceptionPolicy` - Exclusion policy.
    * `protected` - Is it turned on.
  * `usingAcl` - Whether to turn on ACL.
  * `usingPolicy` - Whether to enable Policy.
* `status` - The status of the resource
* `type` - Project type

### Timeouts

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://www.terraform.io/docs/configuration-0-11/resources.html#timeouts) for certain actions:
* `create` - (Defaults to 5 mins) Used when create the Project.
* `delete` - (Defaults to 5 mins) Used when delete the Project.
* `update` - (Defaults to 5 mins) Used when update the Project.
<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-b40622c33239a9eeb956ee6b85594199bd64ddb27066235b976740c3be35ff44 -->