---
subcategory: "Private Zone"
layout: "alicloud"
page_title: "Alicloud: alicloud_pvtz_zone"
sidebar_current: "docs-alicloud-resource-pvtz-zone"
description: |-
  Provides a Alicloud Private Zone resource.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# alicloud\_pvtz\_zone

Provides a Private Zone resource.

-> **NOTE:** Terraform will auto Create a Private Zone while it uses `alicloudPvtzZone` to build a Private Zone resource.

## Example Usage

Basic Usage

```typescript
import * as constructs from "constructs";
import * as cdktf from "cdktf";
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as alicloud from "./.gen/providers/alicloud";
class MyConvertedCode extends cdktf.TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: constructs.Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    new alicloud.pvtzZone.PvtzZone(this, "foo", {
      zoneName: "foo.test.com",
    });
  }
}

```
## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `name` - (Optional, ForceNew, Deprecated from v1.107.0+) The name of the Private Zone. The `name` has been deprecated from provider version 1.107.0. Please use 'zone_name' instead.
* `zoneName` - (Optional, ForceNew) The zone_name of the Private Zone. The `zoneName` is required when the value of the `name`  is Empty.
* `remark` - (Optional) The remark of the Private Zone.
* `proxyPattern` - (Optional, Available in 1.69.0+) The recursive DNS proxy. Valid values:
    - ZONE: indicates that the recursive DNS proxy is disabled.
    - RECORD: indicates that the recursive DNS proxy is enabled.
    Default to "ZONE".
* `userClientIp` - (Optional, Available in 1.69.0+) The IP address of the client.
* `lang` - (Optional, Available in 1.69.0+) The language. Valid values: "zh", "en", "jp".
* `resourceGroupId` - (Optional, ForceNew, Available in v1.86.0+) The Id of resource group which the Private Zone belongs.
* `syncStatus` - (Optional, Available in 1.146.0+) The status of the host synchronization task. Valid values:  `on`,`off`. **NOTE:** You can update the `syncStatus` to enable/disable the host synchronization task.
* `userInfo` - (Optional, Available in 1.146.0+) The user information of the host synchronization task. The details see Block `userInfo`.

#### user_info

The user_info supports the following:
* `userId` - (Optional, Available in 1.146.0+) The user ID belonging to the region is used for cross-account synchronization scenarios.
* `regionIds` - (Optional, Available in 1.146.0+) The list of the region IDs.


## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `id` - The ID of the Private Zone.
* `recordCount` - The count of the Private Zone Record.
* `isPtr` - Whether the Private Zone is ptr.

## Import

Private Zone can be imported using the id, e.g.

```shell
$ terraform import alicloud_pvtz_zone.example abc123456
```


<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-f90a498c365adeb53a17e1fe12820c47345fc5c58b427479a317f2bf63d139be -->