---
subcategory: "RAM"
layout: "alicloud"
page_title: "Alicloud: alicloud_ram_policy"
sidebar_current: "docs-alicloud-resource-ram-policy"
description: |-
  Provides a RAM Policy resource.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# alicloud\_ram\_policy

Provides a RAM Policy resource. 

-> **NOTE:** When you want to destroy this resource forcefully(means remove all the relationships associated with it automatically and then destroy it) without set `force`  with `true` at beginning, you need add `force = true` to configuration file and run `terraform plan`, then you can delete resource forcefully.

-> **NOTE:** Each policy can own at most 5 versions and the oldest version will be removed after its version achieves 5.

-> **NOTE:** If the policy has multiple versions, all non-default versions will be deleted first when deleting policy.

## Example Usage

```typescript
import * as constructs from "constructs";
import * as cdktf from "cdktf";
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as alicloud from "./.gen/providers/alicloud";
class MyConvertedCode extends cdktf.TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: constructs.Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    new alicloud.ramPolicy.RamPolicy(this, "policy", {
      description: "this is a policy test",
      force: true,
      policyDocument:
        '  {\n    "Statement": [\n      {\n        "Action": [\n          "oss:ListObjects",\n          "oss:GetObject"\n        ],\n        "Effect": "Allow",\n        "Resource": [\n          "acs:oss:*:*:mybucket",\n          "acs:oss:*:*:mybucket/*"\n        ]\n      }\n    ],\n      "Version": "1"\n  }\n',
      policyName: "policyName",
    });
  }
}

```
## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:
* `name` - (Required, ForceNew) It has been deprecated from provider version 1.114.0 and `policyName` instead.
* `policyName` - (Required, ForceNew, Available in 1.114.0+) Name of the RAM policy. This name can have a string of 1 to 128 characters, must contain only alphanumeric characters or hyphen "-", and must not begin with a hyphen.
* `statement` - (Deprecated from 1.49.0, Optional, Type: list, Conflicts with `policyDocument`, `document`) (It has been deprecated from version 1.49.0, and use field 'document' to replace.) Statements of the RAM policy document. It is required when the `document` is not specified.
     * `resource` - (Deprecated from 1.49.0, Required, Type: list) (It has been deprecated from version 1.49.0, and use field 'document' to replace.) List of specific objects which will be authorized. The format of each item in this list is `acs:${service}:${region}:${accountId}:${relativeId}`, such as `acs:ecs:*:*:instance/inst002` and `acs:oss:*:1234567890000:mybucket`. The `${service}` can be `ecs`, `oss`, `ots` and so on, the `${region}` is the region info which can use `*` replace when it is not supplied, the `${accountId}` refers to someone's Alicloud account id or you can use `*` to replace, the `${relativeId}` is the resource description section which related to the `${service}`.
     * `action` - (Deprecated from 1.49.0, Required, Type: list) (It has been deprecated from version 1.49.0, and use field 'document' to replace.) List of operations for the `resource`. The format of each item in this list is `${service}:${actionName}`, such as `oss:listBuckets` and `ecs:describe*`. The `${service}` can be `ecs`, `oss`, `ots` and so on, the `${actionName}` refers to the name of an api interface which related to the `${service}`.
     * `effect` - (Deprecated from 1.49.0, Required) (It has been deprecated from version 1.49.0, and use field 'document' to replace.) This parameter indicates whether or not the `action` is allowed. Valid values are `allow` and `deny`.
* `version` - (Deprecated from 1.49.0, Optional, Conflicts with `policyDocument`, `document`) (It has been deprecated from version 1.49.0, and use field 'document' to replace.) Version of the RAM policy document. Valid value is `1`. Default value is `1`.
* `document` - (Optional, Conflicts with `policyDocument`, `statement` and `version`) It has been deprecated from provider version 1.114.0 and `policyDocument` instead.
* `policyDocument` - (Optional, Conflicts with `document`, `statement` and `version`, Available in 1.114.0+) Document of the RAM policy. It is required when the `statement` is not specified.
* `description` - (Optional, ForceNew) Description of the RAM policy. This name can have a string of 1 to 1024 characters.
* `rotateStrategy` - (Optional, Available in 1.114.0+) The rotation strategy of the policy. You can use this parameter to delete an early policy version. Valid Values: `none`, `deleteOldestNonDefaultVersionWhenLimitExceeded`. Default to `none`.
* `force` - (Optional) This parameter is used for resource destroy. Default value is `false`.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `id` - The policy ID.
* `name` - The policy name.
* `type` - The policy type.
* `description` - The policy description.
* `statement` - List of statement of the policy document.
* `document` - The policy document.
* `version` - The policy document version.
* `attachmentCount` - The policy attachment count.
* `defaultVersion` - The default version of policy.
* `versionId` - The ID of default version policy.

## Import

RAM policy can be imported using the id or name, e.g.

```shell
$ terraform import alicloud_ram_policy.example my-policy
```

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-b85d88bbb0c702b3231fc0ba86bda2245c72371fa426ec2a69d528f6e91723ce -->