---
subcategory: "ROS"
layout: "alicloud"
page_title: "Alicloud: alicloud_ros_template_scratch"
sidebar_current: "docs-alicloud-resource-ros-template-scratch"
description: |-
  Provides a Alicloud ROS Template Scratch resource.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# alicloud\_ros\_template\_scratch

Provides a ROS Template Scratch resource.

For information about ROS Template Scratch and how to use it, see [What is Template Scratch](https://www.alibabacloud.com/help/zh/doc-detail/352074.html).

-> **NOTE:** Available in v1.151.0+.

## Example Usage

Basic Usage

```typescript
import * as constructs from "constructs";
import * as cdktf from "cdktf";
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as alicloud from "./.gen/providers/alicloud";
class MyConvertedCode extends cdktf.TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: constructs.Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    const dataAlicloudResourceManagerResourceGroupsDefault =
      new alicloud.dataAlicloudResourceManagerResourceGroups.DataAlicloudResourceManagerResourceGroups(
        this,
        "default",
        {}
      );
    new alicloud.rosTemplateScratch.RosTemplateScratch(this, "example", {
      description: "tf_testacc",
      preferenceParameters: [
        {
          parameterKey: "DeletionPolicy",
          parameterValue: "Retain",
        },
      ],
      sourceResourceGroup: {
        resourceGroupId: cdktf.Token.asString(
          cdktf.propertyAccess(
            dataAlicloudResourceManagerResourceGroupsDefault.ids,
            ["0"]
          )
        ),
        resourceTypeFilter: ["ALIYUN::ECS::VPC"],
      },
      templateScratchType: "ResourceImport",
    });
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

-> **NOTE:** One of `sourceResourceGroup,sourceResources,sourceTag` must be specified.

* `description` - (Optional) The Description of the Template Scratch.
* `executionMode` - (Optional) The execution mode. Valid Values: `async` or `sync`.
* `logicalIdStrategy` - (Optional) Logical ID generation strategy. Valid Values: `longTypePrefixAndIndexSuffix`, `longTypePrefixAndHashSuffix` and `shortTypePrefixAndHashSuffix`.
* `preferenceParameters` - (Optional) Priority parameter. See the following `Block preference_parameters`.
* `sourceTag` - (Optional) Source tag. See the following `Block source_tag`.
* `sourceResourceGroup` - (Optional) Source resource grouping. See the following `Block source_resource_group`.
* `sourceResources` - (Optional) Source resource. See the following `Block source_resources`.
* `templateScratchType` - (Required, ForceNew) The type of the Template scan. Valid Values: `resourceImport` or `architectureReplication`.

#### Block source_resources

The source_resources supports the following: 

* `resourceId` - (Required) The ID of the Source Resource.
* `resourceType` - (Required) The type of the Source resource.

#### Block source_resource_group

The source_resource_group supports the following: 

* `resourceGroupId` - (Required) The ID of the Source Resource Group.
* `resourceTypeFilter` - (Optional) Source resource type filter list. If the resource type list is specified, it means to scan the resources of the specified resource type and in the specified resource group; Otherwise, it means to scan all resources in the specified resource group. **NOTE:** A maximum of `20` resource type filter can be configured.

#### Block source_tag

The source_tag supports the following: 

* `resourceTags` - (Required) Source label. **NOTE:** A maximum of 10 source labels can be configured.
* `resourceTypeFilter` - (Optional) Source resource type filter list. If the resource type list is specified, it means to scan the resources of the specified resource type and in the specified resource group; Otherwise, it means to scan all resources in the specified resource group. **NOTE:** A maximum of `20` resource type filter can be configured.

#### Block preference_parameters

The preference_parameters supports the following: 

* `parameterKey` - (Required) Priority parameter key. For more information about values, see [supplementary instructions for request parameters](https://www.alibabacloud.com/help/zh/doc-detail/358846.html#h2-url-4).
* `parameterValue` - (Required) Priority parameter value. For more information about values, see [supplementary instructions for request parameters](https://www.alibabacloud.com/help/zh/doc-detail/358846.html#h2-url-4).

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `id` - The resource ID in terraform of Template Scratch.
* `status` - The status of the resource.

### Timeouts

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://www.terraform.io/docs/configuration-0-11/resources.html#timeouts) for certain actions:

* `create` - (Defaults to 1 mins) Used when create the Template Scratch.
* `delete` - (Defaults to 1 mins) Used when delete the Template Scratch.
* `update` - (Defaults to 1 mins) Used when update the Template Scratch.

## Import

ROS Template Scratch can be imported using the id, e.g.

```shell
$ terraform import alicloud_ros_template_scratch.example <id>
```
<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-c2c6d3093f79dd7982f73a47dafdc16e9b5043dcde023db2b1b5ee9f82d9f6d3 -->