---
subcategory: "SCDN"
layout: "alicloud"
page_title: "Alicloud: alicloud_scdn_domain"
sidebar_current: "docs-alicloud-resource-scdn-domain"
description: |-
  Provides a Alicloud SCDN Domain resource.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# alicloud\_scdn\_domain

Provides a SCDN Domain resource.

For information about SCDN Domain and how to use it, see [What is Domain](https://help.aliyun.com/document_detail/63672.html).

-> **NOTE:** Available in v1.131.0+.

## Example Usage

Basic Usage

```typescript
import * as constructs from "constructs";
import * as cdktf from "cdktf";
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as alicloud from "./.gen/providers/alicloud";
class MyConvertedCode extends cdktf.TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: constructs.Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    new alicloud.scdnDomain.ScdnDomain(this, "example", {
      domainName: "my-Domain",
      sources: [
        {
          content: "xxx.aliyuncs.com",
          enabled: "online",
          port: 80,
          priority: "20",
          type: "oss",
        },
      ],
    });
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `bizName` - (Optional, Deprecated) Attribute perm has been deprecated and suggest removing it from your template.
* `certInfos` - (Optional) Certificate Information. See the following `Block cert_infos`.
* `checkUrl` - (Optional) The health check url.
* `domainName` - (Required, ForceNew) The name of domain.
* `forceSet` - (Optional) Whether to set certificate forcibly.
* `resourceGroupId` - (Optional, Computed) The resource group id.
* `sources` - (Required) the Origin Server Information. See the following `Block sources`.
* `status` - (Optional, Computed) The status of the resource. Valid values: `offline`, `online`.

#### Block sources

The sources supports the following: 

* `content` - (Required) The Back-to-Source Address.
* `enabled` - (Optional) The source status. Valid values: online, offline.
* `port` - (Required) Port.
* `priority` - (Required) Priority.
* `type` - (Required) The Origin Server Type. Valid Values: 
  * ipaddr: IP Source Station 
  * domain: the Domain Name 
  * oss: OSS Bucket as a Source Station.
  
#### Block function_args

The function_args supports the following: 

* `argName` - (Optional) The Configuration Name.
* `argValue` - (Optional) and Leave the Configuration Values.

#### Block cert_infos

The cert_infos supports the following: 

* `certName` - (Optional) If You Enable HTTPS Here Certificate Name.
* `certType` - (Optional) Certificate Type. Value Range: 
  * upload: Certificate
  * cas: Certificate Authority Certificate. 
  * free: Free Certificate.
* `sslPri` - (Optional) Private Key. Do Not Enable Certificate without Entering a User Name and Configure Certificates Enter Private Key.
* `sslProtocol` - (Optional) Whether to Enable SSL Certificate. Valid Values: on, off. Valid values: `on`, `off`.
* `sslPub` - (Optional) If You Enable HTTPS Here Key.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `id` - The resource ID in terraform of Domain. Its value is same as `domainName`.

### Timeouts

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://www.terraform.io/docs/configuration-0-11/resources.html#timeouts) for certain actions:

* `create` - (Defaults to 11 mins) Used when create the Domain.
* `delete` - (Defaults to 1 mins) Used when delete the Domain.
* `update` - (Defaults to 11 mins) Used when update the Domain.

## Import

SCDN Domain can be imported using the id, e.g.

```shell
$ terraform import alicloud_scdn_domain.example <domain_name>
```

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-727ee7d9b58ca1bcf755dc5ae74ccd610090703ebcab54a26a0ce592834b6d76 -->