---
subcategory: "Data Security Center (SDDP)"
layout: "alicloud"
page_title: "Alicloud: alicloud_sddp_instance"
sidebar_current: "docs-alicloud-resource-sddp-instance"
description: |-
  Provides a Alicloud Data Security Center Instance resource.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# alicloud\_sddp\_instance

Provides a Data Security Center Instance resource.

For information about Data Security Center Instance and how to use it, see [What is Instance](https://help.aliyun.com/product/88674.html).

-> **NOTE:** Available in v1.136.0+.

-> **NOTE:** The Data Security Center Instance is not support in the international site.

## Example Usage

Basic Usage

```typescript
import * as constructs from "constructs";
import * as cdktf from "cdktf";
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as alicloud from "./.gen/providers/alicloud";
class MyConvertedCode extends cdktf.TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: constructs.Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    new alicloud.sddpInstance.SddpInstance(this, "default", {
      dataphin: "yes",
      paymentType: "Subscription",
      period: cdktf.Token.asNumber("1"),
      sdCbool: "yes",
      sdc: "3",
      sddpVersion: "version_company",
      udCbool: "yes",
      udc: "2000",
    });
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `paymentType` - (Required, ForceNew) The payment type of the resource. Valid values: `subscription`.
* `period` - (Required) The Prepaid period. Valid values: `1`, `2`, `3`, `6`,`12`,`24`.
* `renewalStatus` - (Optional) Automatic renewal status. Valid values: `autoRenewal`,`manualRenewal`. Default Value: `manualRenewal`.
* `renewPeriod` - (Optional) Automatic renewal period. **NOTE:** The `renewPeriod` is required under the condition that renewal_status is `autoRenewal`,
* `logistics` - (Optional) The logistics.
* `dataphin` - (Optional) The dataphin. Valid values: `yes`,`no`.
* `dataphinCount` - (Optional) The dataphin count. Valid values: 1 to 20.
* `sddpVersion` - (Required) The sddp version. Valid values: `versionAudit`,`versionCompany`,`versionDlp`.
* `sdc` - (Required) The number of instances.
* `udCbool` - (Required) Whether to use OSS. Valid values: `yes`,`no`.
* `sdCbool` - (Required) Whether to use the database. Valid values:`yes`,`no`.
* `udc` - (Required) OSS Size.
* `modifyType` - (Optional) The modify type. Valid values: `upgrade`, `downgrade`.  **NOTE:** The `modifyType` is required when you execute a update operation.
* `ossSize` - (Optional) The OSS storage capacity.


## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `id` - The resource ID in terraform of Instance.
* `authed` - Whether the required RAM authorization is configured.
* `odpsSet` - Whether the authorized MaxCompute (ODPS) assets.
* `ossBucketSet` - Whether the authorized oss assets.
* `rdsSet` - Whether the authorized rds assets.
* `status` - The status of the resource.
* `instanceNum` - The number of instances.
* `remainDays` -  The remaining days of the protection period of the assets in the current login account.

## Import

Data Security Center Instance can be imported using the id, e.g.

```shell
$ terraform import alicloud_sddp_instance.example <id>
```

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-8e3dcdc98c51c24480f3bf92778ae5acd93232e15029c8c98f9780c30c67a37d -->