---
subcategory: "Service Catalog"
layout: "alicloud"
page_title: "Alicloud: alicloud_service_catalog_provisioned_product"
sidebar_current: "docs-alicloud-resource-service-catalog-provisioned-product"
description: |-
  Provides an Alicloud Service Catalog Provisioned Product resource.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# alicloud_service_catalog_provisioned_product

Provides a Service Catalog Provisioned Product resource.

For information about Service Catalog Provisioned Product and how to use it, see [What is Provisioned Product](https://www.alibabacloud.com/help/en/servicecatalog/latest/api-doc-servicecatalog-2021-09-01-api-doc-launchproduct).

-> **NOTE:** Available in v1.196.0+.

## Example Usage

Basic Usage

```typescript
import * as constructs from "constructs";
import * as cdktf from "cdktf";
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as alicloud from "./.gen/providers/alicloud";
class MyConvertedCode extends cdktf.TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: constructs.Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    /*Terraform Variables are not always the best fit for getting inputs in the context of Terraform CDK.
    You can read more about this at https://cdk.tf/variables*/
    const name = new cdktf.TerraformVariable(this, "name", {
      default: "tf-testAccServiceCatalogProvisionedProduct",
    });
    new alicloud.serviceCatalogProvisionedProduct.ServiceCatalogProvisionedProduct(
      this,
      "default",
      {
        parameters: [
          {
            parameterKey: "role_name",
            parameterValue: name.stringValue,
          },
        ],
        portfolioId: "port-bp119dvn27jccw",
        productId: "prod-bp1u3dkc282cwd",
        productVersionId: "pv-bp1d7dxy2pcc1g",
        provisionedProductName: name.stringValue,
        stackRegionId: "cn-hangzhou",
        tags: {
          v1: "tf-test",
        },
      }
    );
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:
* `parameters` - (Optional) Template parameters entered by the user.The maximum value of N is 200.See the following `Block Parameters`.
* `portfolioId` - (Optional) Product mix ID.> When there is a default Startup option, there is no need to fill in the portfolio. When there is no default Startup option, you must fill in the portfolio. 
* `productId` - (Required) Product ID.
* `productVersionId` - (Required) Product version ID.
* `provisionedProductName` - (Required,ForceNew) The name of the instance.The length is 1~128 characters.
* `stackRegionId` - (Required,ForceNew) The ID of the region to which the resource stack of the Alibaba Cloud resource orchestration service (ROS) belongs.
* `tags` - (Optional) A mapping of tags to assign to the resource.

#### Block Parameters

The Parameters support the following:
* `parameterKey` - (Optional) The name of the parameter defined in the template.
* `parameterValue` - (Optional) The Template parameter value entered by the user.


## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:
* `id` - The `key` of the resource supplied above.
* `createTime` - The creation time of the product instance
* `lastProvisioningTaskId` - The ID of the last instance operation task
* `lastSuccessfulProvisioningTaskId` - The ID of the last successful instance operation task
* `lastTaskId` - The ID of the last task
* `outputs` - The output value of the template.
    * `description` - Description of the output value defined in the template.
    * `outputKey` - The name of the output value defined in the template.
    * `outputValue` - The content of the output value defined in the template.
* `ownerPrincipalId` - The RAM entity ID of the owner
* `ownerPrincipalType` - The RAM entity type of the owner
* `productName` - The name of the product
* `productVersionName` - The name of the product version
* `provisionedProductArn` - The ARN of the product instance
* `provisionedProductId` - The ID of the instance.
* `provisionedProductType` - Instance type.The value is RosStack, which indicates the stack of Alibaba Cloud resource orchestration service (ROS).
* `stackId` - The ID of the ROS stack
* `status` - Instance status
* `statusMessage` - The status message of the product instance

### Timeouts

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://www.terraform.io/docs/configuration-0-11/resources.html#timeouts) for certain actions:
* `create` - (Defaults to 3 mins) Used when create the Provisioned Product.
* `delete` - (Defaults to 24 mins) Used when delete the Provisioned Product.
* `update` - (Defaults to 24 mins) Used when update the Provisioned Product.

## Import

Service Catalog Provisioned Product can be imported using the id, e.g.

```shell
$terraform import alicloud_service_catalog_provisioned_product.example <id>
```
<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-66fb65833ed1627ea99ef9c915ffbaab6841db36fdf93b363e88e122328ffeb4 -->