---
subcategory: "Smart Access Gateway (Smartag)"
layout: "alicloud"
page_title: "Alicloud: alicloud_smartag_flow_log"
sidebar_current: "docs-alicloud-resource-smartag-flow-log"
description: |-
  Provides a Alicloud Smartag Flow Log resource.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# alicloud\_smartag\_flow\_log

Provides a Smartag Flow Log resource.

For information about Smartag Flow Log and how to use it, see [What is Flow Log](https://www.alibabacloud.com/help/en/smart-access-gateway/latest/createflowlog).

-> **NOTE:** Available in v1.168.0+.

## Example Usage

Basic Usage

```typescript
import * as constructs from "constructs";
import * as cdktf from "cdktf";
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as alicloud from "./.gen/providers/alicloud";
class MyConvertedCode extends cdktf.TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: constructs.Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    new alicloud.smartagFlowLog.SmartagFlowLog(this, "example", {
      flowLogName: "example_value",
      logstoreName: "example_value",
      netflowServerIp: "example_value",
      netflowServerPort: 1,
      outputType: "all",
      projectName: "example_value",
      slsRegionId: "example_value",
    });
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `activeAging` - (Optional, Computed) The time interval at which log data of active connections is collected. Valid values: `60` to `6000`. Default value: `300`. Unit: second.
* `description` - (Optional) The description of the flow log.
* `flowLogName` - (Optional) The name of the flow log.
* `inactiveAging` - (Optional, Computed) The time interval at which log data of inactive connections is connected. Valid values: `10` to `600`. Default value: `15`. Unit: second.
* `logstoreName` - (Optional) The Logstore in Log Service. If `outputType` is set to `sls` or `all`, this parameter is required.
* `netflowServerIp` - (Optional) The IP address of the NetFlow collector where the flow log is stored. If `outputType` is set to `netflow` or `all`, this parameter is required.
* `netflowServerPort` - (Optional, Computed) The port of the NetFlow collector. Default value: `9995`. If `outputType` is set to `netflow` or `all`, this parameter is required.
* `netflowVersion` - (Optional, Computed) The NetFlow version. Default value: `v9`. Valid values: `v10`, `v5`, `v9`. If `outputType` is set to `netflow` or `all`, this parameter is required.
* `outputType` - (Required) The location where the flow log is stored. Valid values:  
  - `sls`: The flow log is stored in Log Service. 
  - `netflow`: The flow log is stored on a NetFlow collector. 
  - `all`: The flow log is stored both in Log Service and on a NetFlow collector.
* `projectName` - (Optional) The project in Log Service. If `outputType` is set to `sls` or `all`, this parameter is required.
* `slsRegionId` - (Optional) The ID of the region where Log Service is deployed. If `outputType` is set to `sls` or `all`, this parameter is required.
* `status` - (Optional, Computed) The status of the flow log. Valid values:  `active`: The flow log is enabled. `inactive`: The flow log is disabled.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `id` - The resource ID in terraform of Flow Log.

### Timeouts

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://www.terraform.io/docs/configuration-0-11/resources.html#timeouts) for certain actions:

* `create` - (Defaults to 1 mins) Used when create the Flow Log.
* `delete` - (Defaults to 1 mins) Used when delete the Flow Log.
* `update` - (Defaults to 1 mins) Used when update the Flow Log.

## Import

Smartag Flow Log can be imported using the id, e.g.

```shell
$ terraform import alicloud_smartag_flow_log.example <id>
```
<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-8fc5810e1230864373b03a2cff9c8a12210b7d7dd61b77bb7f87ddd772c7aa21 -->