---
subcategory: "Threat Detection"
layout: "alicloud"
page_title: "Alicloud: alicloud_threat_detection_instance"
sidebar_current: "docs-alicloud-resource-threat_detection-instance"
description: |-
  Provides a Alicloud Threat Detection Instance resource.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# alicloud_threat_detection_instance

Provides a Threat Detection Instance resource.

For information about Threat Detection Instance and how to use it, see [What is Instance](https://www.alibabacloud.com/help/en/security-center/latest/what-is-security-center).

-> **NOTE:** Available in v1.199.0+.

## Example Usage

Basic Usage

```typescript
import * as constructs from "constructs";
import * as cdktf from "cdktf";
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as alicloud from "./.gen/providers/alicloud";
class MyConvertedCode extends cdktf.TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: constructs.Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    new alicloud.threatDetectionInstance.ThreatDetectionInstance(
      this,
      "default",
      {
        buyNumber: "30",
        containerImageScan: "100",
        honeypot: "32",
        honeypotSwitch: "1",
        paymentType: "Subscription",
        period: 12,
        renewalStatus: "ManualRenewal",
        sasAntiRansomware: "100",
        sasSc: cdktf.Token.asBoolean("true"),
        sasSdk: "1000",
        sasSdkSwitch: "1",
        sasSlsStorage: "100",
        sasWebguardOrderNum: "100",
        vCore: "100",
        versionCode: "level2",
      }
    );
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:
* `modifyType` - (Optional) Change configuration type, value
  - Upgrade: Upgrade.
  - Downgrade: Downgrade.
* `buyNumber` - (Optional) Number of servers.
* `containerImageScan` - (Optional) Container Image security scan.
* `honeypot` - (Optional) Cloud honeypot authorization number.
* `honeypotSwitch` - (Optional) Cloud honeypot. Valid values: `1`, `2`.
* `paymentType` - (Required) The payment type of the resource.
* `period` - (Optional) Prepaid cycle. The unit is Monthly, please enter an integer multiple of 12 for annual paid products. **NOTE:** must be set when creating a prepaid instance.
* `renewPeriod` - (Optional) Automatic renewal cycle, in months. **NOTE:** The `renewPeriod` is required under the condition that `renewalStatus` is `autoRenewal`.
* `renewalStatus` - (Optional,Computed) Automatic renewal status, Default ManualRenewal. value:
  - `autoRenewal`: automatic renewal.
  - `manualRenewal`: manual renewal.
* `renewalPeriodUnit` - (Optional,Computed) The unit of the auto-renewal period. **NOTE:** The `renewalPeriodUnit` is required under the condition that `renewalStatus` is `autoRenewal`. Valid values: 
  - `m`: months.
  - `y`: years.
* `sasAntiRansomware` - (Optional) Anti-extortion.
* `sasSc` - (Optional) Large security screen.
* `sasSdk` - (Optional) Number of malicious file detections.
* `sasSdkSwitch` - (Optional) Malicious file detection SDK. Valid values: `0`, `1`.
* `sasSlsStorage` - (Optional) Log analysis.
* `sasWebguardBoolean` - (Optional) Web page tamper-proof.  Valid values: `0`, `1`.
* `sasWebguardOrderNum` - (Optional) Number of tamper-proof authorizations.
* `threatAnalysis` - (Optional) The amount of threat analysis log storage.
* `threatAnalysisSwitch` - (Optional) Threat analysis.  Valid values: `0`, `1`.
* `vCore` - (Optional) Number of cores.
* `versionCode` - (Required) Version selection. Valid values: `level10`, `level2`, `level3`, `level7`, `level8`.



## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:
* `id` - The `key` of the resource supplied above.
* `createTime` - The creation time of the resource
* `instanceId` - The first ID of the resource
* `status` - The status of the resource

### Timeouts

The `timeouts` block allows you to specify [timeouts](https://www.terraform.io/docs/configuration-0-11/resources.html#timeouts) for certain actions:
* `create` - (Defaults to 5 mins) Used when create the Instance.
* `update` - (Defaults to 5 mins) Used when update the Instance.

## Import

Threat Detection Instance do not support import.
<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-472a0ed8f0fe345618a3e05fc42142aaa32eb916969212581d8d21f1a19fc30d -->