---
subcategory: "ApsaraVideo VoD (VOD)"
layout: "alicloud"
page_title: "Alicloud: alicloud_vod_domain"
sidebar_current: "docs-alicloud-resource-vod-domain"
description: |-
  Provides a Alicloud VOD Domain resource.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# alicloud\_vod\_domain

Provides a VOD Domain resource.

For information about VOD Domain and how to use it, see [What is Domain](https://www.alibabacloud.com/help/product/29932.html).

-> **NOTE:** Available in v1.136.0+.

## Example Usage

Basic Usage

```typescript
import * as constructs from "constructs";
import * as cdktf from "cdktf";
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as alicloud from "./.gen/providers/alicloud";
class MyConvertedCode extends cdktf.TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: constructs.Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    new alicloud.vodDomain.VodDomain(this, "default", {
      domainName: "your_domain_name",
      scope: "domestic",
      sources: [
        {
          sourceContent: "your_source_content",
          sourcePort: "80",
          sourceType: "domain",
        },
      ],
      tags: {
        key1: "value1",
        key2: "value2",
      },
    });
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `domainName` - (Required, ForceNew) The domain name for CDN that you want to add to ApsaraVideo VOD. Wildcard domain names are supported. Start the domain name with a period (.). Example: `exampleCom`.
* `sources` - (Required) The information about the address of the origin server. For more information about the Sources parameter, See the following `Block sources`.
* `checkUrl` - (Optional) The URL that is used for health checks.
* `scope` - (Optional, ForceNew) This parameter is applicable to users of level 3 or higher in mainland China and users outside mainland China. Valid values: 
  * `domestic` - mainland China. This is the default value.
  * `overseas` - outside mainland China.
  * `global` - regions in and outside mainland China.
* `topLevelDomain` - (Optional) The top-level domain name.
* `tags` - (Optional) A mapping of tags to assign to the resource.
  * `key`: It can be up to 64 characters in length. It cannot be a null string.
  * `value`: It can be up to 128 characters in length. It can be a null string.

#### Block sources

The sources supports the following: 

* `sourceContent` - The address of the origin server. You can specify an IP address or a domain name.
* `sourcePort` - The port number. You can specify port 443 or 80. **Default value: 80**. If you specify port 443, Alibaba Cloud CDN communicates with the origin server over HTTPS. You can also customize a port.
* `sourcePriority` - The priority of the origin server if multiple origin servers are specified. Valid values: `20` and `30`. **Default value: 20**. A value of 20 indicates that the origin server is the primary origin server. A value of 30 indicates that the origin server is a secondary origin server.
* `sourceType` - The type of the origin server. Valid values:
  * `ipaddr` - a server that you can access by using an IP address.
  * `domain` - a server that you can access by using a domain name.
  * `oss` - an Object Storage Service (OSS) bucket.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `id` - The resource ID in terraform of Domain. Its value is same as `domainName`.
* `domainName` - The domain name for CDN.
* `description` - The description of the domain name for CDN.
* `certName` - The name of the certificate. The value of this parameter is returned if HTTPS is enabled.
* `cname` - The CNAME that is assigned to the domain name for CDN. You must add a CNAME record in the system of your Domain Name System (DNS) service provider to map the domain name for CDN to the CNAME.
* `gmtCreated` - The time when the domain name for CDN was added. The time follows the ISO 8601 standard in the yyyy-MM-ddTHH:mm:ssZ format. The time is displayed in UTC.
* `gmtModified` - The last time when the domain name for CDN was modified. The time follows the ISO 8601 standard in the yyyy-MM-ddTHH:mm:ssZ format. The time is displayed in UTC.
* `sslProtocol` - Indicates whether the Secure Sockets Layer (SSL) certificate is enabled. Valid values: `on`,`off`.
* `sslPub` - The public key of the certificate. The value of this parameter is returned if HTTPS is enabled.
* `scope` - This parameter is applicable to users of level 3 or higher in mainland China and users outside mainland China. Valid values:
  * `domestic` - mainland China. This is the default value.
  * `overseas` - outside mainland China.
  * `global` - regions in and outside mainland China.
* `sources` - The information about the address of the origin server. For more information about the Sources parameter, See the following `Block sources`.
* `weight` - The weight of the origin server.
* `status` - The status of the domain name for CDN. Valid values:
  * `online` - indicates that the domain name is enabled. 
  * `offline` - indicates that the domain name is disabled.
  * `configuring` - indicates that the domain name is being configured.
  * `configureFailed` - indicates that the domain name failed to be configured.
  * `checking` - indicates that the domain name is under review.
  * `checkFailed` - indicates that the domain name failed the review.

## Import

VOD Domain can be imported using the id, e.g.

```shell
$ terraform import alicloud_vod_domain.example <domain_name>
```

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-871f9dcd96f9d61dd62efdc0968b8d1cdf06073a9f3ac533ae0fa35e90434bc1 -->