---
subcategory: "Application Load Balancer (ALB)"
layout: "alicloud"
page_title: "Alicloud: alicloud_alb_load_balancers"
sidebar_current: "docs-alicloud-datasource-alb-load-balancers"
description: |- 
    Provides a list of Alb Load Balancers to the user.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# alicloud\_alb\_load\_balancers

This data source provides the Alb Load Balancers of the current Alibaba Cloud user.

-> **NOTE:** Available in v1.132.0+.

## Example Usage

Basic Usage

```typescript
import * as constructs from "constructs";
import * as cdktf from "cdktf";
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as alicloud from "./.gen/providers/alicloud";
class MyConvertedCode extends cdktf.TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: constructs.Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    const dataAlicloudAlbLoadBalancersIds =
      new alicloud.dataAlicloudAlbLoadBalancers.DataAlicloudAlbLoadBalancers(
        this,
        "ids",
        {}
      );
    const dataAlicloudAlbLoadBalancersNameRegex =
      new alicloud.dataAlicloudAlbLoadBalancers.DataAlicloudAlbLoadBalancers(
        this,
        "nameRegex",
        {
          nameRegex: "^my-LoadBalancer",
        }
      );
    new cdktf.TerraformOutput(this, "alb_load_balancer_id_1", {
      value: cdktf.propertyAccess(dataAlicloudAlbLoadBalancersIds.balancers, [
        "0",
        "id",
      ]),
    });
    new cdktf.TerraformOutput(this, "alb_load_balancer_id_2", {
      value: cdktf.propertyAccess(
        dataAlicloudAlbLoadBalancersNameRegex.balancers,
        ["0", "id"]
      ),
    });
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `addressType` - (Optional, ForceNew) The type of IP address that the ALB instance uses to provide services. Valid
  values: `intranet`, `internet`.
* `enableDetails` - (Optional) Default to `false`. Set it to `true` can output more details about resource attributes.
* `ids` - (Optional, ForceNew, Computed)  A list of Load Balancer IDs.
* `loadBalancerBusinessStatus` - (Optional, ForceNew,Available in 1.142.0+) Load Balancing of the Service Status. Valid Values: `abnormal`and `normal`.
* `loadBalancerIds` - (Optional, ForceNew) The load balancer ids.
* `loadBalancerName` - (Optional, ForceNew) The name of the resource.
* `status` - (Optional, ForceNew) The load balancer status. Valid values: `active`, `configuring`, `createFailed`, `inactive` and `provisioning`.
* `nameRegex` - (Optional, ForceNew) A regex string to filter results by Load Balancer name.
* `outputFile` - (Optional) File name where to save data source results (after running `terraform plan`).
* `resourceGroupId` - (Optional, ForceNew) The ID of the resource group.
* `tag` - (Optional, ForceNew) The tag.
* `vpcId` - (Optional, ForceNew) The ID of the virtual private cloud (VPC) where the ALB instance is deployed.
* `vpcIds` - (Optional, ForceNew) The vpc ids.
* `zoneId` - (Optional, ForceNew) The zone ID of the resource.
* `loadBalancerBussinessStatus` - (Deprecated) Field 'load_balancer_bussiness_status' has been deprecated from provider version 1.142.0. Use 'load_balancer_business_status' replaces it.

## Argument Reference

The following attributes are exported in addition to the arguments listed above:

* `names` - A list of Load Balancer names.
* `balancers` - A list of Alb Load Balancers. Each element contains the following attributes:
    * `accessLogConfig` - The Access Logging Configuration Structure.
        * `logProject` -  The log service that access logs are shipped to.
        * `logStore` - The logstore that access logs are shipped to.
    * `addressAllocatedMode` - The method in which IP addresses are assigned. Valid values:  Fixed: The ALB instance
      uses a fixed IP address. Dynamic (default): An IP address is dynamically assigned to each zone of the ALB
      instance.
    * `addressType` - The type of IP address that the ALB instance uses to provide services.
    * `bandwidthPackageId` - The ID of the EIP bandwidth plan which is associated with an ALB instance that uses a
      public IP address.
    * `createTime` - The creation time of the resource.
    * `deletionProtectionConfig` - Remove the Protection Configuration.
        * `enabled` - Remove the Protection Status.
        * `enabledTime` - Deletion Protection Turn-on Time Use Greenwich Mean Time, in the Format of Yyyy-MM-ddTHH: mm:SSZ.
    * `dnsName` - DNS Domain Name.
    * `id` - The ID of the Load Balancer.
    * `loadBalancerBillingConfig` - The configuration of the billing method.
        * `payType` - The billing method of the ALB instance. Valid value: `payAsYouGo`.
    * `loadBalancerBussinessStatus` - Load Balancing of the Service Status. Valid Values: `abnormal` and `normal`.  **NOTE:** Field 'load_balancer_bussiness_status' has been deprecated from provider version 1.142.0.
    * `loadBalancerBusinessStatus` - Load Balancing of the Service Status. Valid Values: `abnormal` and `normal`. **NOTE:** Available in 1.142.0+
    * `loadBalancerEdition` - The edition of the ALB instance.
    * `loadBalancerId` - The first ID of the resource.
    * `loadBalancerName` - The name of the resource.
    * `loadBalancerOperationLocks` - The Load Balancing Operations Lock Configuration.
        * `lockReason` - The Locking of the Reasons. 
        * `lockType` - The Locking of the Type. Valid Values: `securitylocked`,`relatedresourcelocked`, `financiallocked`, and `residuallocked`.
    * `modificationProtectionConfig` - Modify the Protection Configuration.
      * `status` - Specifies whether to enable the configuration read-only mode for the ALB instance. Valid values: `nonProtection` and `consoleProtection`.
        * `nonProtection` - disables the configuration read-only mode. After you disable the configuration read-only mode, you cannot set the ModificationProtectionReason parameter. If the parameter is set, the value is cleared.
        * `consoleProtection` - enables the configuration read-only mode. After you enable the configuration read-only mode, you can set the ModificationProtectionReason parameter.
      * `reason` - The reason for modification protection. This parameter must be 2 to 128 characters in length, and can contain letters, digits, periods, underscores, and hyphens. The reason must start with a letter. This parameter is required only if `modificationProtectionStatus` is set to `consoleProtection`.
    * `resourceGroupId` - The ID of the resource group.
    * `status` - The The load balancer status. Valid values: `active`, `configuring`, `createFailed`, `inactive` and `provisioning`.
    * `tags` - The tag of the resource. 
        * `tagKey` - The key of the tags. 
        * `tagValue` - The value of the tags.
    * `vpcId` - The ID of the virtual private cloud (VPC) where the ALB instance is deployed. 
    * `zoneMappings` - The zones and vSwitches. You must specify at least two zones.
       * `vswitchId` - The ID of the vSwitch that corresponds to the zone. Each zone can use only one vSwitch and subnet.
       * `zoneId` - The ID of the zone to which the ALB instance belongs.

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-03a8562ea1f95f1871c152d0c1a857d7fe426c878fcb7dc6658fbd9afc0a1501 -->