---
subcategory: "Application Load Balancer (ALB)"
layout: "alicloud"
page_title: "Alicloud: alicloud_alb_rules"
sidebar_current: "docs-alicloud-datasource-alb-rules"
description: |-
  Provides a list of Alb Rules to the user.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# alicloud\_alb\_rules

This data source provides the Alb Rules of the current Alibaba Cloud user.

-> **NOTE:** Available in v1.133.0+.

## Example Usage

Basic Usage

```typescript
import * as constructs from "constructs";
import * as cdktf from "cdktf";
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as alicloud from "./.gen/providers/alicloud";
class MyConvertedCode extends cdktf.TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: constructs.Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    const dataAlicloudAlbRulesIds =
      new alicloud.dataAlicloudAlbRules.DataAlicloudAlbRules(this, "ids", {
        ids: ["example_id"],
      });
    const dataAlicloudAlbRulesNameRegex =
      new alicloud.dataAlicloudAlbRules.DataAlicloudAlbRules(
        this,
        "nameRegex",
        {
          nameRegex: "^my-Rule",
        }
      );
    new cdktf.TerraformOutput(this, "alb_rule_id_1", {
      value: cdktf.propertyAccess(dataAlicloudAlbRulesIds.rules, ["0", "id"]),
    });
    new cdktf.TerraformOutput(this, "alb_rule_id_2", {
      value: cdktf.propertyAccess(dataAlicloudAlbRulesNameRegex.rules, [
        "0",
        "id",
      ]),
    });
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `ids` - (Optional, ForceNew, Computed)  A list of Rule IDs.
* `listenerIds` - (Optional, ForceNew) The listener ids.
* `loadBalancerIds` - (Optional, ForceNew) The load balancer ids.
* `nameRegex` - (Optional, ForceNew) A regex string to filter results by Rule name.
* `outputFile` - (Optional) File name where to save data source results (after running `terraform plan`).
* `ruleIds` - (Optional, ForceNew) The rule ids.
* `status` - (Optional, ForceNew) The status of the resource.

## Argument Reference

The following attributes are exported in addition to the arguments listed above:

* `names` - A list of Rule names.
* `rules` - A list of Alb Rules. Each element contains the following attributes:
    * `id` - The ID of the Rule.
    * `listenerId` - The ID of the listener to which the forwarding rule belongs.
    * `loadBalancerId` - The ID of the Application Load Balancer (ALB) instance to which the forwarding rule belongs.
    * `priority` - The priority of the rule. Valid values: 1 to 10000. A smaller value indicates a higher priority.  Note The priority of each rule within the same listener must be unique.
    * `ruleActions` - The actions of the forwarding rules.
        * `type` - The action type.
        * `fixedResponseConfig` - The configuration of the fixed response.
            * `content` - The fixed response. The response cannot exceed 1 KB in size and can contain only ASCII characters.
            * `contentType` - The format of the fixed response.  Valid values: text/plain, text/css, text/html, application/javascript, and application/json.
            * `httpCode` - The HTTP status code of the response. The code must be an HTTP_2xx,HTTP_4xx or HTTP_5xx.x is a digit.
        * `forwardGroupConfig` - The configurations of the destination server groups.
            * `serverGroupTuples` - The destination server group to which requests are forwarded.
                * `serverGroupId` - The ID of the destination server group to which requests are forwarded.
                * `weight` - The Weight of server group.
        * `insertHeaderConfig` - The configuration of the inserted header field.
            * `key` - The name of the inserted header field. The name must be 1 to 40 characters in length, and can contain letters, digits, underscores (_), and hyphens (-). You cannot use the same name in InsertHeader.  Note You cannot use Cookie or Host in the name.
            * `value` - The content of the inserted header field:  If the ValueType parameter is set to SystemDefined, the following values are used:  ClientSrcPort: the port of the client ClientSrcIp: the IP address of the client Protocol: the protocol used by client requests (HTTP or HTTPS) SLBId: the ID of the ALB instance SLBPort: the listener port of the ALB instance If the ValueType parameter is set to UserDefined: The header value must be 1 to 128 characters in length, and can contain lowercase letters, printable characters whose ASCII value is ch >= 32 && ch < 127, and wildcards such as asterisks (*) and question marks (?). The header value cannot start or end with a space.  If the ValueType parameter is set to ReferenceHeader: The header value must be 1 to 128 characters in length, and can contain lowercase letters, digits, underscores (_), and hyphens (-).
            * `valueType` - Valid values:  UserDefined: a custom value ReferenceHeader: uses a field of the user request header. SystemDefined: a system value.
        * `order` - The order of the forwarding rule actions. Valid values:1 to 50000. The actions are performed in ascending order. You cannot leave this parameter empty. Each value must be unique.
        * `redirectConfig` - The configuration of the external redirect action.
            * `host` - The host name of the destination to which requests are directed.  The host name must meet the following rules:  The host name must be 3 to 128 characters in length, and can contain letters, digits, hyphens (-), periods (.), asterisks (*), and question marks (?). The host name must contain at least one period (.), and cannot start or end with a period (.). The rightmost domain label can contain only letters, asterisks (*) and question marks (?) and cannot contain digits or hyphens (-). Other domain labels cannot start or end with a hyphen (-). You can include asterisks (*) and question marks (?) anywhere in a domain label. Default value: ${host}. You cannot use this value with other characters at the same time.
            * `httpCode` - The redirect method. Valid values:301, 302, 303, 307, and 308.
            * `path` - The path of the destination to which requests are directed.  Valid values: The path must be 1 to 128 characters in length, and start with a forward slash (/). The path can contain letters, digits, asterisks (*), question marks (?) and the following special characters: $ - _ . + / & ~ @ :. It cannot contain the following special characters: " % # ; ! ( ) [ ] ^ , ”. The path is case-sensitive.  Default value: ${path}. You can also reference ${host}, ${protocol}, and ${port}. Each variable can appear at most once. You can use the preceding variables at the same time, or use them with a valid string.
            * `port` - The port of the destination to which requests are redirected.  Valid values: 1 to 63335.  Default value: ${port}. You cannot use this value together with other characters at the same time.
            * `protocol` - The protocol of the requests to be redirected.  Valid values: HTTP and HTTPS.  Default value: ${protocol}. You cannot use this value together with other characters at the same time.  Note HTTPS listeners can redirect only HTTPS requests.
            * `query` - The query string of the request to be redirected.  The query string must be 1 to 128 characters in length, can contain letters and printable characters. It cannot contain the following special characters: # [ ] { } \ | < > &.  Default value: ${query}. You can also reference ${host}, ${protocol}, and ${port}. Each variable can appear at most once. You can use the preceding variables at the same time, or use them together with a valid string.
        * `rewriteConfig` - The redirect action within ALB.
            * `host` - The host name of the destination to which requests are redirected within ALB.  Valid values:  The host name must be 3 to 128 characters in length, and can contain letters, digits, hyphens (-), periods (.), asterisks (*), and question marks (?). The host name must contain at least one period (.), and cannot start or end with a period (.). The rightmost domain label can contain only letters, asterisks (*) and question marks (?) and cannot contain digits or hyphens (-). Other domain labels cannot start or end with a hyphen (-). You can include asterisks (*) and question marks (?) anywhere in a domain label. Default value: ${host}. You cannot use this value with other characters at the same time.
            * `path` - The path to which requests are to be redirected within ALB.  Valid values: The path must be 1 to 128 characters in length, and start with a forward slash (/). The path can contain letters, digits, asterisks (*), question marks (?)and the following special characters: $ - _ . + / & ~ @ :. It cannot contain the following special characters: " % # ; ! ( ) [ ] ^ , ”. The path is case-sensitive.  Default value: ${path}. This value can be used only once. You can use it with a valid string.
            * `query` - The query string of the request to be redirected within ALB.  The query string must be 1 to 128 characters in length, can contain letters and printable characters. It cannot contain the following special characters: # [ ] { } \ | < > &.  Default value: ${query}. This value can be used only once. You can use it with a valid string.
        * `trafficLimitConfig` - The Flow speed limit.
            * `qps` - The Number of requests per second.
        * `trafficMirrorConfig` - The Traffic mirroring.
            * `targetType` - The Mirror target type.
            * `mirrorGroupConfig` - The Traffic is mirrored to the server group.
                * `serverGroupTuples` - The destination server group to which requests are forwarded.
                    * `serverGroupId` - The ID of the destination server group to which requests are forwarded.
    * `ruleConditions` - The conditions of the forwarding rule.
        * `type` - The type of the forwarding rule.
        * `queryStringConfig` - The configuration of the query string.
            * `values` - The query string.
                * `key` - The key must be 1 to 100 characters in length, and can contain lowercase letters, printable characters, asterisks (*), and question marks (?). The key cannot contain spaces or the following special characters: # [ ] { } \ | < > &.
                * `value` - The value must be 1 to 128 characters in length, and can contain lowercase letters, printable characters, asterisks (*), and question marks (?). The value cannot contain spaces or the following special characters: # [ ] { } \ | < > &.
        * `cookieConfig` - The configuration of the cookie.
            * `values` - The configuration of the cookie.
        * `headerConfig` - The configuration of the header field.
            * `key` - The key of the header field. The key must be 1 to 40 characters in length, and can contain letters, digits, hyphens (-) and underscores (_). The key does not support Cookie or Host.
            * `values` - The value of the header field. The value must be 1 to 128 characters in length, and can contain lowercase letters, printable characters whose ASCII value is ch >= 32 && ch < 127, and wildcards such as asterisks (*) and question marks (?). The value cannot start or end with a space.
        * `hostConfig` - The configuration of the host.
            * `values` - The name of the host. **Note: ** The host name must meet the following rules: The hostname must be 3 to 128 characters in length, and can contain lowercase letters, digits, hyphens (-), periods (.), asterisks (*), and question marks (?). The host name must contain at least one period (.), and cannot start or end with a period (.). The rightmost field can contain only letters and wildcards, and cannot contain digits or hyphens (-). Other fields cannot start or end with a hyphen (-). You can enter asterisks (*) and question marks (?) anywhere in a field.
        * `methodConfig` - The configuration of the request method.
            * `values` - The request method. Valid values: `head`, `get`, `post`, `options`, `put`, `patch`, and `delete`.
        * `pathConfig` - The configuration of the path for the request to be forwarded.
            * `values` - The path of the request to be forwarded. The path must be 1 to 128 characters in length and must start with a forward slash (/). The path can contain letters, digits, and the following special characters: $ - _ . + / & ~ @ :. It cannot contain the following special characters: " % # ; ! ( ) [ ] ^ , ". The value is case-sensitive, and can contain asterisks (*) and question marks (?).
        * `sourceIpConfig` - The Based on source IP traffic matching.
            * `values` - Add one or more IP addresses or IP address segments.
    * `ruleId` - The first ID of the resource.
    * `ruleName` - The name of the forwarding rule. The name must be 2 to 128 characters in length, and can contain letters, digits, periods (.), underscores (_), and hyphens (-). The name must start with a letter.
    * `status` - The status of the resource.

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-ac1a3e1863c7fee3cda3197d078dc5a42bc297104a776f833dc3110cfb912794 -->