---
subcategory: "Alidns"
layout: "alicloud"
page_title: "Alicloud: alicloud_alidns_records"
sidebar_current: "docs-alicloud-datasource-alidns-records"
description: |-
    Provides a list of domain records available to the Alidns.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# alicloud\_alidns\_records

This data source provides a list of Alidns Domain Records in an Alibaba Cloud account according to the specified filters.

-> **NOTE:**  Available in 1.86.0+.

## Example Usage

```typescript
import * as constructs from "constructs";
import * as cdktf from "cdktf";
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as alicloud from "./.gen/providers/alicloud";
class MyConvertedCode extends cdktf.TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: constructs.Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    const dataAlicloudAlidnsRecordsRecordsDs =
      new alicloud.dataAlicloudAlidnsRecords.DataAlicloudAlidnsRecords(
        this,
        "records_ds",
        {
          domainName: "xiaozhu.top",
          ids: ["1978593525779****"],
          outputFile: "records.txt",
          type: "A",
        }
      );
    new cdktf.TerraformOutput(this, "first_record_id", {
      value: cdktf.propertyAccess(dataAlicloudAlidnsRecordsRecordsDs.records, [
        "0",
        "record_id",
      ]),
    });
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `domainName` - (Required) The domain name associated to the records. 
* `type` - (Optional) Record type. Valid values: `a`, `ns`, `mx`, `txt`, `cname`, `srv`, `aaaa`, `redirectUrl`, `forwordUrl` .
* `line` - (Optional) ISP line. For checking all resolution lines enumeration please visit [Alibaba Cloud DNS doc](https://www.alibabacloud.com/help/doc-detail/34339.htm) 
* `status` - (Optional) Record status. Valid values: `enable` and `disable`.
* `isLocked` - (Optional, type: bool) Whether the record is locked or not.
* `ids` - (Optional) A list of record IDs.
* `direction` - (Optional) Sorting direction. Valid values: `desc`,`asc`. Default to `aesc`.
* `groupId` - (Optional) Domain name group ID.
* `keyWord` - (Optional) Keywords.
* `lang` - (Optional) User language.
* `orderBy` - (Optional) Sort by. Sort from newest to oldest according to the time added by resolution.
* `rrKeyWord` - (Optional) The keywords recorded by the host are searched according to the `%rrKeyWord%` mode, and are not case sensitive.
* `searchMode` - (Optional) Search mode, Valid values: `like`, `exact`, `advanced`, `like` (fuzzy), `exact` (accurate) search supports KeyWord field, `advanced` (advanced) mode supports other fields.
* `typeKeyWord` - (Optional) Analyze type keywords, search by full match, not case sensitive.
* `valueKeyWord` - (Optional) The keywords of the recorded value are searched according to the `%valueKeyWord%` mode, and are not case sensitive.
* `rrRegex` - (Optional) Host record regex. 
* `valueRegex` - (Optional) Host record value regex. 
* `outputFile` - (Optional) File name where to save data source results (after running `terraform plan`).


## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported in addition to the arguments listed above:

* `ids` - A list of record IDs. 
* `records` - A list of records. Each element contains the following attributes:
  * `id` - ID of the resource.
  * `recordId` - ID of the record.
  * `domainName` - Name of the domain record belongs to.
  * `rr` - Host record of the domain.
  * `value` - Host record value of the domain.
  * `type` - Type of the record.
  * `ttl` - TTL of the record.
  * `priority` - Priority of the `mx` record.
  * `line` - ISP line of the record. 
  * `status` - Status of the record.
  * `locked` - Indicates whether the record is locked.
  * `remark` - The remark of the domain record.  **NOTE:** Available in 1.144.0+.

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-7a4086be271eb3a4a6e35ff485852ffed66003be3ecd62816ef1f5e304859530 -->