---
subcategory: "Alidns"
layout: "alicloud"
page_title: "Alicloud: alicloud_alidns_domains"
sidebar_current: "docs-alicloud-datasource-alidns-domains"
description: |-
    Provides a list of domains available to the user.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# alicloud\_alidns\_domains

This data source provides a list of Alidns Domains in an Alibaba Cloud account according to the specified filters.

-> **NOTE:**  Available in 1.95.0+.

## Example Usage

```typescript
import * as constructs from "constructs";
import * as cdktf from "cdktf";
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as alicloud from "./.gen/providers/alicloud";
class MyConvertedCode extends cdktf.TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: constructs.Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    const dataAlicloudAlidnsDomainsDomainsDs =
      new alicloud.dataAlicloudAlidnsDomains.DataAlicloudAlidnsDomains(
        this,
        "domains_ds",
        {
          domainNameRegex: "^hegu",
          outputFile: "domains.txt",
        }
      );
    new cdktf.TerraformOutput(this, "first_domain_id", {
      value: cdktf.propertyAccess(dataAlicloudAlidnsDomainsDomainsDs.domains, [
        "0",
        "domain_id",
      ]),
    });
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `domainNameRegex` - (Optional) A regex string to filter results by the domain name. 
* `groupNameRegex` - (Optional)  A regex string to filter results by the group name.
* `aliDomain` - (Optional, type: bool) Specifies whether the domain is from Alibaba Cloud or not.
* `instanceId` - (Optional) Cloud analysis product ID.
* `versionCode` - (Optional) Cloud analysis version code.
* `ids` (Optional) - A list of domain IDs.
* `outputFile` - (Optional) File name where to save data source results (after running `terraform plan`).
* `resourceGroupId` - (Optional, ForceNew, Available in 1.59.0+) The Id of resource group which the dns belongs.
* `groupId` - (Optional, ForceNew) Domain group ID, if not filled, the default is all groups.
* `keyWord` - (Optional, ForceNew) The keywords are searched according to the `%keyWord%` mode, which is not case sensitive.
* `lang` - (Optional, ForceNew) User language.
* `searchMode` - (Optional) Search mode, `like` fuzzy search, `exact` exact search.
* `starmark` - (Optional) Whether to query the domain name star.
* `tags` - (Optional) A mapping of tags to assign to the resource.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported in addition to the arguments listed above:

* `ids` - A list of domain IDs.
* `names` - A list of domain names.
* `domains` - A list of domains. Each element contains the following attributes:
  * `domainId` - ID of the domain.
  * `domainName` - Name of the domain.
  * `aliDomain` - Indicates whether the domain is an Alibaba Cloud domain.
  * `groupId` - Id of group that contains the domain.
  * `groupName` - Name of group that contains the domain.
  * `instanceId` - Cloud analysis product ID of the domain.
  * `versionCode` - Cloud analysis version code of the domain.
  * `punyCode` - Punycode of the Chinese domain.
  * `dnsServers` - DNS list of the domain in the analysis system.
  * `resourceGroupId` - The Id of resource group which the dns belongs.
  * `dnsServers` - DNS list of domain names in the resolution system.
  * `id` - The Id of resource.
  * `inBlackHole` - Whether it is in black hole.
  * `inClean` - Whether it is cleaning.
  * `minTtl` - Minimum TTL.
  * `versionCode` - Cloud resolution version ID.
  * `recordLineTreeJson` - Tree-like analytical line list.
  * `regionLines` - Whether it is a regional route.
  * `remark` - The Id of resource group which the dns belongs.
  * `slaveDns` - Whether to allow auxiliary dns.
  * `availableTtls` - List of available TTLs.
  * `recordLines` - Parse the line data list.
    * `fatherCode` - The code of the parent line, or empty if there is none.
    * `lineDisplayName` - Parent line display name.
    * `lineCode` - Sub-line Code.
    * `lineName` - Sub-line display name.


<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-29badfabc0ac558fb68714e76ec8e0c986e9973874a5a0b419daf90274c601f6 -->