---
subcategory: "Bastion Host"
layout: "alicloud"
page_title: "Alicloud: alicloud_bastionhost_users"
sidebar_current: "docs-alicloud-datasource-bastionhost-users"
description: |-
  Provides a list of Bastionhost Users to the user.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# alicloud\_bastionhost\_users

This data source provides the Bastionhost Users of the current Alibaba Cloud user.

-> **NOTE:** Available in v1.133.0+.

## Example Usage

Basic Usage

```typescript
import * as constructs from "constructs";
import * as cdktf from "cdktf";
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as alicloud from "./.gen/providers/alicloud";
class MyConvertedCode extends cdktf.TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: constructs.Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    const dataAlicloudBastionhostUsersIds =
      new alicloud.dataAlicloudBastionhostUsers.DataAlicloudBastionhostUsers(
        this,
        "ids",
        {
          ids: ["1", "10"],
          instanceId: "example_value",
        }
      );
    const dataAlicloudBastionhostUsersNameRegex =
      new alicloud.dataAlicloudBastionhostUsers.DataAlicloudBastionhostUsers(
        this,
        "nameRegex",
        {
          instanceId: "example_value",
          nameRegex: "^my-User",
        }
      );
    new cdktf.TerraformOutput(this, "bastionhost_user_id_1", {
      value: cdktf.propertyAccess(dataAlicloudBastionhostUsersIds.users, [
        "0",
        "id",
      ]),
    });
    new cdktf.TerraformOutput(this, "bastionhost_user_id_2", {
      value: cdktf.propertyAccess(dataAlicloudBastionhostUsersNameRegex.users, [
        "0",
        "id",
      ]),
    });
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `displayName` - (Optional, ForceNew) Specify the New Created the User's Display Name. Supports up to 128 Characters.
* `ids` - (Optional, ForceNew, Computed)  A list of User IDs.
* `instanceId` - (Required, ForceNew) You Want to Query the User the Bastion Host ID of.
* `mobile` - (Optional, ForceNew) Specify the New of the User That Created a Different Mobile Phone Number from Your.
* `nameRegex` - (Optional, ForceNew) A regex string to filter results by User name.
* `outputFile` - (Optional) File name where to save data source results (after running `terraform plan`).
* `source` - (Optional, ForceNew) Specify the New of the User That Created the Source. Valid Values: Local: Local User RAM: Ram User. Valid values: `local`, `ram`.
* `sourceUserId` - (Optional, ForceNew) Specify the Newly Created User Is Uniquely Identified. Indicates That the Parameter Is a Bastion Host Corresponding to the User with the Ram User's Unique Identifier. The Newly Created User Source Grant Permission to a RAM User (That Is, Source Used as a Ram), this Parameter Is Required. You Can Call Access Control of Listusers Interface from the Return Data Userid to Obtain the Parameters.
* `status` - (Optional, ForceNew) The status of the resource. Valid values: `frozen`, `normal`.
* `userName` - (Optional, ForceNew) Specify the New User Name. This Parameter Is Only by Letters, Lowercase Letters, Numbers, and Underscores (_), Supports up to 128 Characters.

## Argument Reference

The following attributes are exported in addition to the arguments listed above:

* `names` - A list of User names.
* `users` - A list of Bastionhost Users. Each element contains the following attributes:
	* `comment` - Specify the New of the User That Created the Remark Information. Supports up to 500 Characters.
	* `displayName` - Specify the New Created the User's Display Name. Supports up to 128 Characters.
	* `email` - Specify the New User's Mailbox.
	* `id` - The ID of the User.
	* `instanceId` - You Want to Query the User the Bastion Host ID of.
	* `mobile` - Specify the New of the User That Created a Different Mobile Phone Number from Your.
	* `mobileCountryCode` - Specify the New Create User Mobile Phone Number of the International Domain Name. The Default Value Is the CN Value: CN: Mainland China (+86) HK: hong Kong, China (+852) Mo: Macau, China (+853) TW: Taiwan, China (+886) ru: Russian (+7) SG: Singapore (+65) My: malaysia (+60) ID: Indonesia (+62) De: Germany (+49) AU: Australia (+61) US: United States (+1) AE: dubai (+971) JP: Japan (+81) Introducing the Long-Range GB: United Kingdom (+44) in: India (+91) KR: South Korea (+82) Ph: philippines (+63) Ch: Switzerland (+41) Se: Sweden (+46).
	* `source` - Specify the New of the User That Created the Source. Valid Values: Local: Local User RAM: Ram User.
	* `sourceUserId` - Specify the Newly Created User Is Uniquely Identified. Indicates That the Parameter Is a Bastion Host Corresponding to the User with the Ram User's Unique Identifier. The Newly Created User Source Grant Permission to a RAM User (That Is, Source Used as a Ram), this Parameter Is Required. You Can Call Access Control of Listusers Interface from the Return Data Userid to Obtain the Parameters.
	* `status` - The status of the resource.
	* `userId` - The User ID.
	* `userName` - Specify the New User Name. This Parameter Is Only by Letters, Lowercase Letters, Numbers, and Underscores (_), Supports up to 128 Characters.

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-b47373401a1fd02417763ccc0ffc6d45b49542f94e4a39e771dd645cf3c81918 -->