---
subcategory: "Cassandra"
layout: "alicloud"
page_title: "Alicloud: alicloud_cassandra_data_centers"
sidebar_current: "docs-alicloud-datasource-cassandra-data-centers"
description: |-
    Provides a collection of Cassandra Data Centers according to the specified filters.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# alicloud\_cassandra\_data\_centers

The `alicloudCassandraDataCenters` data source provides a collection of Cassandra Data Centers available in Alicloud account.
Filters support regular expression for the cluster name or ids.

-> **NOTE:**  Available in 1.88.0+.

## Example Usage

```typescript
import * as constructs from "constructs";
import * as cdktf from "cdktf";
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as alicloud from "./.gen/providers/alicloud";
class MyConvertedCode extends cdktf.TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: constructs.Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    new alicloud.dataAlicloudCassandraDataCenters.DataAlicloudCassandraDataCenters(
      this,
      "cassandra",
      {
        clusterId: "cds-xxxxx",
        nameRegex: "tf_testAccCassandra_dc",
      }
    );
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `nameRegex` - (Optional) A regex string to apply to the cluster name.
* `ids` - (Optional) The list of Cassandra data center ids.
* `names` - (Optional) The name list of Cassandra data centers.
* `clusterId` - (Required) The cluster id of dataCenters belongs to.
* `outputFile` - (Optional) The name of file that can save the collection of data centers after running `terraform plan`.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported in addition to the arguments listed above:
* `ids` - The list of Cassandra data center ids.
* `names` - The name list of Cassandra data centers.
* `centers` - A list of Cassandra data centers. Its every element contains the following attributes:
  * `clusterId` - The ID of the Cassandra cluster.
  * `commodityInstance` - The commodity ID of the Cassandra dataCenter.
  * `dataCenterId` - The id of the Cassandra dataCenter.
  * `dataCenterName` - The name of the Cassandra dataCenter.
  * `diskSize` - One node disk size, unit:GB.
  * `diskType` - Cloud_ssd or cloud_efficiency.
  * `instanceType` - The instance type of the Cassandra dataCenter, eg: cassandra.c.large.
  * `lockMode` - The lock mode of the dataCenter.
  * `nodeCount` - The node count of dataCenter.
  * `status` - Status of the dataCenter.
  * `createTime` - The create time of the dataCenter.
  * `expireTime` - The expire time of the dataCenter.
  * `zoneId` - Zone ID the dataCenter belongs to.
  * `vpcId` - VPC ID the dataCenter belongs to.
  * `vswitchId` - VSwitch ID the dataCenter belongs to.
  * `payType` - Billing method. Value options are `subscription` for Pay-As-You-Go and `payAsYouGo` for yearly or monthly subscription.


<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-3a3964c8ab956686e85cc1b850528e78784f4c90c4c7beaf1aa90141ff652cd0 -->