---
subcategory: "Cassandra"
layout: "alicloud"
page_title: "Alicloud: alicloud_cassandra_clusters"
sidebar_current: "docs-alicloud-datasource-cassandra-clusters"
description: |-
    Provides a collection of Cassandra clusters according to the specified filters.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# alicloud\_cassandra\_clusters

The `alicloudCassandraClusters` data source provides a collection of Cassandra clusters available in Alicloud account.
Filters support regular expression for the cluster name, ids or tags.

-> **NOTE:**  Available in 1.88.0+.

## Example Usage

```typescript
import * as constructs from "constructs";
import * as cdktf from "cdktf";
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as alicloud from "./.gen/providers/alicloud";
class MyConvertedCode extends cdktf.TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: constructs.Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    new alicloud.dataAlicloudCassandraClusters.DataAlicloudCassandraClusters(
      this,
      "cassandra",
      {
        nameRegex: "tf_testAccCassandra",
      }
    );
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `nameRegex` - (Optional) A regex string to apply to the cluster name.
* `ids` - (Optional) The list of Cassandra cluster ids.
* `tags` - (Optional, Available in 1.73.0) A mapping of tags to assign to the resource.
* `outputFile` - (Optional) The name of file that can save the collection of clusters after running `terraform plan`.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported in addition to the arguments listed above:
* `ids` - The list of Cassandra cluster ids.
* `names` - The name list of Cassandra clusters.
* `clusters` - A list of Cassandra clusters. Its every element contains the following attributes:
  * `id` - The ID of the Cassandra cluster.
  * `clusterId` - The ID of the Cassandra cluster.
  * `clusterName` - The name of the Cassandra cluster.
  * `majorVersion` - The major version of the cluster.
  * `minorVersion` - The minor version of the cluster.
  * `lockMode` - The lock mode of the cluster.
  * `dataCenterCount` - The count of data centers
  * `payType` - Billing method. Value options are `subscription` for Pay-As-You-Go and `payAsYouGo` for yearly or monthly subscription.
  * `status` - Status of the cluster.
  * `createTime` - The create time of the cluster.
  * `expireTime` - The expire time of the cluster.
  * `tags` - A mapping of tags to assign to the resource.

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-7980ba7a0d15f962eeb4b95dd18559739e16bfeb5bad3a0b9e90dac07a847e0c -->