---
subcategory: "Cloud Enterprise Network (CEN)"
layout: "alicloud"
page_title: "Alicloud: alicloud_cen_bandwidth_packages"
sidebar_current: "docs-alicloud-datasource-cen-bandwidth-packages"
description: |-
    Provides a list of CEN Bandwidth Packages owned by an Alibaba Cloud account.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# alicloud\_cen\_bandwidth\_packages

This data source provides CEN Bandwidth Packages available to the user.

## Example Usage

```typescript
import * as constructs from "constructs";
import * as cdktf from "cdktf";
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as alicloud from "./.gen/providers/alicloud";
class MyConvertedCode extends cdktf.TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: constructs.Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    const dataAlicloudCenBandwidthPackagesExample =
      new alicloud.dataAlicloudCenBandwidthPackages.DataAlicloudCenBandwidthPackages(
        this,
        "example",
        {
          instanceId: "cen-id1",
          nameRegex: "^foo",
        }
      );
    new cdktf.TerraformOutput(this, "first_cen_bandwidth_package_id", {
      value: cdktf.propertyAccess(
        dataAlicloudCenBandwidthPackagesExample.packages,
        ["0", "id"]
      ),
    });
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `instanceId` - (Optional) ID of a CEN instance.
* `ids` - (Optional) Limit search to a list of specific CEN Bandwidth Package IDs.
* `nameRegex` - (Optional) A regex string to filter CEN Bandwidth Package by name.
* `includeReservationData` - (Optional, ForceNew, Available in 1.98.0+) -Indicates whether to include renewal data. Valid values: `true`: Return renewal data in the response. `false`: Do not return renewal data in the response.
* `status` - (Optional, ForceNew, Available in 1.98.0+) Status of the CEN Bandwidth Package in CEN instance, Valid value: `idle` and `inUse`.
* `outputFile` - (Optional) File name where to save data source results (after running `terraform plan`).


## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported in addition to the arguments listed above:

* `ids` - A list of specific CEN Bandwidth Package IDs.
* `names` (Available in 1.98.0+) - A list of CEN Bandwidth Package Names.
* `packages` - A list of CEN bandwidth package. Each element contains the following attributes:
  * `id` - ID of the CEN Bandwidth Package.
  * `name` - Name of the CEN Bandwidth Package.
  * `description` - Description of the CEN Bandwidth Package.
  * `businessStatus` - Status of the CEN Bandwidth Package, including `normal`, `financialLocked` and `securityLocked`.
  * `status` - Status of the CEN Bandwidth Package in CEN instance, including `idle` and `inUse`.
  * `instanceId` - The ID of the CEN instance that are associated with the bandwidth package.
  * `bandwidth` - The bandwidth in Mbps of the CEN bandwidth package.
  * `bandwidthPackageChargeType` - The billing method, including `postpay` and `prepay`.
  * `geographicRegionAId` - Region ID of the interconnected regions.
  * `geographicRegionBId` - Region ID of the interconnected regions.
  * `cenBandwidthPackageId` - The ID of the bandwidth package.
  * `cenBandwidthPackageName` - The name of the bandwidth package.
  * `cenIds` - The list of CEN instances that are associated with the bandwidth package.
  * `geographicSpanId` - The area ID of the cross-area connection.
  * `hasReservationData` - Indicates whether renewal data is involved.
  * `isCrossBorder` - Indicates whether the bandwidth package is a cross-border bandwidth package.
  * `paymentType` - The billing method of the bandwidth package.
  * `reservationActiveTime` - The expiration time of the temporary upgrade.
  * `reservationBandwidth` - The restored bandwidth after the temporary upgrade.
  * `reservationInternetChargeType` - The billing method after the configuration change.
  * `reservationOrderType` - The type of the configuration change.

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-8786b0042cb46a188458d69bf7d8b15b85c03ab2e0ace5be0e1e3b91dfb852ef -->