---
subcategory: "Click House"
layout: "alicloud"
page_title: "Alicloud: alicloud_click_house_db_clusters"
sidebar_current: "docs-alicloud-datasource-click-house-db-clusters"
description: |-
  Provides a list of Click House DBCluster to the user.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# alicloud\_click\_house\_db\_clusters

This data source provides the Click House DBCluster of the current Alibaba Cloud user.

-> **NOTE:** Available in v1.134.0+.

## Example Usage

Basic Usage

```typescript
import * as constructs from "constructs";
import * as cdktf from "cdktf";
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as alicloud from "./.gen/providers/alicloud";
class MyConvertedCode extends cdktf.TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: constructs.Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    const alicloudClickHouseDbClusterDefault =
      new alicloud.clickHouseDbCluster.ClickHouseDbCluster(this, "default", {
        category: "Basic",
        dbClusterClass: "S8",
        dbClusterNetworkType: "vpc",
        dbClusterVersion: "20.3.10.75",
        dbNodeGroupCount: cdktf.Token.asNumber("1"),
        dbNodeStorage: "500",
        paymentType: "PayAsYouGo",
        storageType: "cloud_essd",
        vswitchId: "your_vswitch_id",
      });
    const dataAlicloudClickHouseDbClustersDefault =
      new alicloud.dataAlicloudClickHouseDbClusters.DataAlicloudClickHouseDbClusters(
        this,
        "default_1",
        {
          ids: [cdktf.Token.asString(alicloudClickHouseDbClusterDefault.id)],
        }
      );
    /*This allows the Terraform resource name to match the original name. You can remove the call if you don't need them to match.*/
    dataAlicloudClickHouseDbClustersDefault.overrideLogicalId("default");
    new cdktf.TerraformOutput(this, "db_cluster", {
      value: cdktf.propertyAccess(dataAlicloudClickHouseDbClustersDefault.ids, [
        "0",
      ]),
    });
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `dbClusterDescription` - (Optional, ForceNew) The DBCluster description.
* `enableDetails` - (Optional) Default to `false`. Set it to `true` can output more details about resource attributes.
* `ids` - (Optional, ForceNew, Computed)  A list of DBCluster IDs.
* `status` - (Optional, Computed) The status of the resource. Valid values: `running`,`creating`,`deleting`,`restarting`,`preparing`,.
* `outputFile` - (Optional) File name where to save data source results (after running `terraform plan`).

## Argument Reference

The following attributes are exported in addition to the arguments listed above:

* `clusters` - A list of Click House DBClusters. Each element contains the following attributes:
    * `aliUid` - Alibaba Cloud account Id.
    * `bid` - The ID of the business process flow.
    * `category` - Instance family values include: Basic: Basic edition; HighAvailability: high availability edition.
      * `commodityCode` - The Commodity Code of the DBCluster.
    * `connectionString` - Connection string.
    * `createTime` - The creation time of the resource.
    * `dbClusterDescription` - The DBCluster description.
    * `id` - The DBCluster id.
    * `dbClusterNetworkType` - The DBCluster network type.
    * `dbClusterType` - The DBCluster type.
    * `dbNodeClass` - The node class of the DBCluster. 
    * `dbNodeCount` - The node count of the DBCluster.
    * `dbNodeStorage` - The node storage of the DBCluster.
    * `encryptionKey` - Key management service KMS key ID.
    * `encryptionType` - Currently only supports ECS disk encryption, with a value of CloudDisk, not encrypted when empty.
    * `engine` - The Engine of the DBCluster.
    * `engineVersion` - The engine version of the DBCluster.
    * `expireTime` - The expiration time of the DBCluster.
    * `id` - The ID of the DBCluster.
    * `isExpired` - If the instance has expired.
    * `lockMode` - The lock mode of the DBCluster.
    * `lockReason` - Lock reason of the DBCluster.
    * `maintainTime` - Examples of the maintenance window, in the format of hh:mmZ-hh:mm Z.
    * `paymentType` - The payment type of the resource. Valid values: `payAsYouGo`,`subscription`.
    * `port` - Connection port.
    * `publicConnectionString` - A public IP address for the connection.
    * `publicPort` - Public network port.
    * `scaleOutStatus` - Scale state.
        * `progress` - Process.
        * `ratio` - Efficiency.
    * `storageType` - Storage type of DBCluster. Valid values: `cloudEssd`, `cloudEfficiency`, `cloudEssdPl2`, `cloudEssdPl3`.
    * `supportBackup` - Support fallback scheme.
    * `supportHttpsPort` - The system supports http port number.
    * `supportMysqlPort` - Supports Mysql, and those of the ports.
    * `vpcCloudInstanceId` - Virtual Private Cloud (VPC cloud instance ID.
    * `vpcId` - The VPC ID of the DBCluster.
    * `vswitchId` - The vswitch id of the DBCluster.
    * `zoneId` - The zone ID of the DBCluster.
    * `controlVersion` - The control version of the DBCluster.
    * `status` - The status of the DBCluster. Valid values: `running`,`creating`,`deleting`,`restarting`,`preparing`.
    * `dbClusterAccessWhiteList` - The db cluster access white list.
        * `dbClusterIpArrayAttribute` - Field `dbClusterIpArrayAttribute` has been removed from provider.
        * `dbClusterIpArrayName` - Whitelist group name.
        * `securityIpList` - The IP address list under the whitelist group.
<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-1fb989cfac752446a875f0c106efbeaaed97e300b13303a0dec9b649fb4f869a -->