---
subcategory: "Cloud Firewall"
layout: "alicloud"
page_title: "Alicloud: alicloud_cloud_firewall_vpc_firewall_control_policies"
sidebar_current: "docs-alicloud-datasource-cloud-firewall-vpc-firewall-control-policies"
description: |-
  Provides a list of Cloud Firewall Vpc Firewall Control Policies to the user.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# alicloud\_cloud\_firewall\_vpc\_firewall\_control\_policies

This data source provides the Cloud Firewall Vpc Firewall Control Policies of the current Alibaba Cloud user.

-> **NOTE:** Available in v1.194.0+.

## Example Usage

Basic Usage

```typescript
import * as constructs from "constructs";
import * as cdktf from "cdktf";
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as alicloud from "./.gen/providers/alicloud";
class MyConvertedCode extends cdktf.TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: constructs.Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    const dataAlicloudCloudFirewallVpcFirewallControlPoliciesIds =
      new alicloud.dataAlicloudCloudFirewallVpcFirewallControlPolicies.DataAlicloudCloudFirewallVpcFirewallControlPolicies(
        this,
        "ids",
        {
          ids: ["example_value-1", "example_value-2"],
          vpcFirewallId: "example_value",
        }
      );
    new cdktf.TerraformOutput(
      this,
      "alicloud_cloud_firewall_vpc_firewall_control_policies_id_1",
      {
        value: cdktf.propertyAccess(
          dataAlicloudCloudFirewallVpcFirewallControlPoliciesIds.policies,
          ["0", "id"]
        ),
      }
    );
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `aclAction` - (Optional, ForceNew) The action that Cloud Firewall performs on the traffic. Valid values: `accept`, `drop`, `log`.
* `aclUuid` - (Optional, ForceNew) Access control over VPC firewalls strategy unique identifier.
* `description` - (Optional, ForceNew) Access control over VPC firewalls description of the strategy information.
* `destination` - (Optional, ForceNew) Access control over VPC firewalls strategy the destination address in.
* `lang` - (Optional, ForceNew) The language of the content within the request and response. Valid values: `zh`, `en`.
* `memberUid` - (Optional, ForceNew) The UID of the member account of the current Alibaba cloud account.
* `proto` - (Optional, ForceNew) Access control over VPC firewalls strategy access traffic of the protocol type.
* `release` - (Optional, ForceNew) The enabled status of the access control policy. The policy is enabled by default after it is created. Value:
  - **true**: Enable access control policies
  - **false**: does not enable access control policies.
* `source` - (Optional, ForceNew) Access control over VPC firewalls strategy in the source address.
* `vpcFirewallId` - (Required, ForceNew) The ID of the VPC firewall instance. Value:
  - When the VPC firewall protects traffic between two VPCs connected through the cloud enterprise network, the policy group ID uses the cloud enterprise network instance ID.
  - When the VPC firewall protects traffic between two VPCs connected through the express connection, the policy group ID uses the ID of the VPC firewall instance.
* `ids` - (Optional, ForceNew, Computed)  A list of Vpc Firewall Control Policy IDs.
* `outputFile` - (Optional) File name where to save data source results (after running `terraform plan`).

## Argument Reference

The following attributes are exported in addition to the arguments listed above:

* `policies` - A list of Cloud Firewall Vpc Firewall Control Policies. Each element contains the following attributes:
	* `aclAction` - Access control over VPC firewalls are set in the access traffic via Alibaba cloud firewall way (ACT).
	* `aclUuid` - Access control over VPC firewalls strategy unique identifier.
	* `applicationId` - Policy specifies the application ID.
	* `applicationName` - Access control over VPC firewalls policies support the application types.
	* `description` - Access control over VPC firewalls description of the strategy information.
	* `destPort` - Access control over VPC firewalls strategy access traffic of the destination port.
	* `destPortGroup` - Access control policy in the access traffic of the destination port address book name.
	* `destPortGroupPorts` - Port Address Book port list.
	* `destPortType` - Access control over VPC firewalls strategy access traffic of the destination port type.
	* `destination` - Access control over VPC firewalls strategy the destination address in.
	* `destinationGroupCidrs` - Destination address book defined in the address list.
	* `destinationGroupType` - The destination address book type in the access control policy. Value: `ip`, `domain`.
	* `destinationType` - Access control over VPC firewalls strategy in the destination address of the type.
	* `hitTimes` - Control strategy of hits per second.
	* `memberUid` - The UID of the member account of the current Alibaba cloud account.
	* `order` - Access control over VPC firewalls policies will go into effect of priority. The priority value starts from 1, the smaller the priority number, the higher the priority. -1 represents the lowest priority.
	* `proto` - Access control over VPC firewalls strategy access traffic of the protocol type.
	* `release` - The enabled status of the access control policy. The policy is enabled by default after it is created. Value:
	* `source` - Access control over VPC firewalls strategy in the source address.
	* `sourceGroupCidrs` - SOURCE address of the address list.
	* `sourceGroupType` - The source address type in the access control policy. Unique value: **ip**. The IP address book contains one or more IP address segments.
	* `sourceType` - Access control over VPC firewalls policy source address type.
	* `vpcFirewallId` - The ID of the VPC firewall instance.
	* `id` - The ID of the Cloud Firewall Vpc Firewall Control Policy.
<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-c2d8dbd558b34371163e65bab7191a5828435f4361c6a25f1bae5fff6f4264da -->