---
subcategory: "Cloud SSO"
layout: "alicloud"
page_title: "Alicloud: alicloud_cloud_sso_access_assignments"
sidebar_current: "docs-alicloud-datasource-cloud-sso-access-assignments"
description: |-
  Provides a list of Cloud Sso Access Assignments to the user.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# alicloud\_cloud\_sso\_access\_assignments

This data source provides the Cloud Sso Access Assignments of the current Alibaba Cloud user.

-> **NOTE:** Available in v1.193.0+.

-> **NOTE:** Cloud SSO Only Support `cnShanghai` And `usWest1` Region

## Example Usage

Basic Usage

```typescript
import * as constructs from "constructs";
import * as cdktf from "cdktf";
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as alicloud from "./.gen/providers/alicloud";
class MyConvertedCode extends cdktf.TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: constructs.Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    const dataAlicloudCloudSsoAccessAssignmentsIds =
      new alicloud.dataAlicloudCloudSsoAccessAssignments.DataAlicloudCloudSsoAccessAssignments(
        this,
        "ids",
        {
          directoryId: "example_value",
          ids: ["example_value-1", "example_value-2"],
        }
      );
    new cdktf.TerraformOutput(this, "cloud_sso_access_assignment_id_1", {
      value: cdktf.propertyAccess(
        dataAlicloudCloudSsoAccessAssignmentsIds.assignments,
        ["0", "id"]
      ),
    });
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `accessConfigurationId` - (Optional, ForceNew) Access configuration ID.
* `directoryId` - (Required, ForceNew) Directory ID.
* `ids` - (Optional, ForceNew, Computed)  A list of Access Assignment IDs.
* `outputFile` - (Optional) File name where to save data source results (after running `terraform plan`).
* `principalType` - (Optional, ForceNew) Create the identity type of the access assignment, which can be a user or a user group. Valid values: `group`, `user`.
* `targetId` - (Optional, ForceNew) The ID of the target to create the resource range.
* `targetType` - (Optional, ForceNew) The type of the resource range target to be accessed. Only a single RD primary account or member account can be specified in the first phase. Valid values: `rdAccount`.

## Argument Reference

The following attributes are exported in addition to the arguments listed above:

* `assignments` - A list of Cloud Sso Access Assignments. Each element contains the following attributes:
	* `accessConfigurationId` - Access configuration ID.
	* `accessConfigurationName` - The name of the access configuration.
	* `createTime` - The creation time of the resource.
	* `directoryId` - Directory ID.
	* `id` - The ID of the Access Assignment.
	* `principalId` - The ID of the access assignment.
	* `principalName` - Cloud SSO identity name.
	* `principalType` - Create the identity type of the access assignment, which can be a user or a user group.
	* `targetId` - The ID of the target to create the resource range.
	* `targetName` - Task target name.
	* `targetPathName` - The path name of the task target in the resource directory.
	* `targetType` - The type of the resource range target to be accessed. Only a single RD primary account or member account can be specified in the first phase.
<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-8b71552f4d99a41b1f7f744127bc6826155b5fafe2726648f123644a02193f6c -->