---
subcategory: "Cloud Firewall"
layout: "alicloud"
page_title: "Alicloud: alicloud_cloud_firewall_vpc_firewalls"
sidebar_current: "docs-alicloud-datasource-cloud-firewall-vpc-firewalls"
description: |-
  Provides a list of Cloud Firewall Vpc Firewalls to the user.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# alicloud_cloud_firewall_vpc_firewalls

This data source provides Cloud Firewall Vpc Firewall available to the user.[What is Vpc Firewall](https://help.aliyun.com/document_detail/342932.html)

-> **NOTE:** Available in 1.194.0+

## Example Usage

```typescript
import * as constructs from "constructs";
import * as cdktf from "cdktf";
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as alicloud from "./.gen/providers/alicloud";
class MyConvertedCode extends cdktf.TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: constructs.Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    const dataAlicloudCloudFirewallVpcFirewallsDefault =
      new alicloud.dataAlicloudCloudFirewallVpcFirewalls.DataAlicloudCloudFirewallVpcFirewalls(
        this,
        "default",
        {
          ids: ["id-example"],
          memberUid: "1415189284827022",
          status: "closed",
          vpcFirewallName: "tf-test",
        }
      );
    new cdktf.TerraformOutput(this, "alicloud_cfw_vpc_firewall_example_id", {
      value: cdktf.propertyAccess(
        dataAlicloudCloudFirewallVpcFirewallsDefault.firewalls,
        ["0", "id"]
      ),
    });
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:
* `lang` - (ForceNew,Optional) The language type of the requested and received messages. Value:-**zh** (default): Chinese.-**en**: English.
* `memberUid` - (ForceNew,Optional) The UID of the Alibaba Cloud member account.
* `status` - (ForceNew,Optional) The status of the resource
* `vpcFirewallId` - (ForceNew,Optional) The ID of the VPC firewall instance.
* `vpcFirewallName` - (ForceNew,Optional) The name of the VPC firewall instance.
* `ids` - (Optional, ForceNew, Computed) A list of Vpc Firewall IDs.
* `vpcFirewallNames` - (Optional, ForceNew) The name of the Vpc Firewall. You can specify at most 10 names.
* `nameRegex` - (Optional, ForceNew) A regex string to filter results by Group Metric Rule name.
* `outputFile` - (Optional) File name where to save data source results (after running `terraform plan`).


## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported in addition to the arguments listed above:
* `ids` - A list of Vpc Firewall IDs.
* `names` - A list of name of Vpc Firewalls.
* `firewalls` - A list of Vpc Firewall Entries. Each element contains the following attributes:
  * `bandwidth` - Bandwidth specifications for high-speed channels. Unit: Mbps.
  * `connectType` - The communication type of the VPC firewall. Valid value: **expressconnect**, which indicates Express Connect.
  * `localVpc` - The details of the local VPC.
    * `localVpcCidrTableList` - The network segment list of the local VPC.
      * `localRouteEntryList` - The list of route entries of the local VPC.
        * `localDestinationCidr` - The target network segment of the local VPC.
        * `localNextHopInstanceId` - The ID of the next-hop instance in the local VPC.
      * `localRouteTableId` - The ID of the route table of the local VPC.
    * `regionNo` - The region ID of the local VPC.
    * `vpcId` - The ID of the local VPC instance.
    * `vpcName` - The instance name of the local VPC.
  * `memberUid` - The UID of the Alibaba Cloud member account.
  * `peerVpc` - The details of the peer VPC.
    * `peerVpcCidrTableList` - The network segment list of the peer VPC.
      * `peerRouteEntryList` - Peer VPC route entry list information.
        * `peerDestinationCidr` - The target network segment of the peer VPC.
        * `peerNextHopInstanceId` - The ID of the next-hop instance in the peer VPC.
      * `peerRouteTableId` - The ID of the route table of the peer VPC.
    * `regionNo` - The region ID of the peer VPC.
    * `vpcId` - The ID of the peer VPC instance.
    * `vpcName` - The instance name of the peer VPC.
  * `regionStatus` - The region is open. Value:-**enable**: is enabled, indicating that VPC firewall can be configured in this region.-**disable**: indicates that VPC firewall cannot be configured in this region.
  * `status` - The status of the resource
  * `vpcFirewallId` - The ID of the VPC firewall instance.
  * `vpcFirewallName` - The name of the VPC firewall instance.
  * `id` - The name of the VPC firewall instance and the value same as `vpcFirewallId`.

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-c0988779abf7e792fdb9109009798eebbc31b94a588b44de3442cdbb10ac06c9 -->