---
subcategory: "Cloud Firewall"
layout: "alicloud"
page_title: "Alicloud: alicloud_cloud_firewall_control_policies"
sidebar_current: "docs-alicloud-datasource-cloud-firewall-control-policies"
description: |- 
  Provides a list of Cloud Firewall Control Policies to the user.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# alicloud\_cloud\_firewall\_control\_policies

This data source provides the Cloud Firewall Control Policies of the current Alibaba Cloud user.

-> **NOTE:** Available in v1.129.0+.

## Example Usage

Basic Usage

```typescript
import * as constructs from "constructs";
import * as cdktf from "cdktf";
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as alicloud from "./.gen/providers/alicloud";
class MyConvertedCode extends cdktf.TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: constructs.Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    new alicloud.dataAlicloudCloudFirewallControlPolicies.DataAlicloudCloudFirewallControlPolicies(
      this,
      "example",
      {
        direction: "in",
      }
    );
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `aclAction` - (Optional, ForceNew) The action that Cloud Firewall performs on the traffic. Valid values: `accept`, `drop`, `log`.
* `aclUuid` - (Optional, ForceNew) The unique ID of the access control policy.
* `description` - (Optional, ForceNew) The description of the access control policy.
* `destination` - (Optional, ForceNew) The destination address defined in the access control policy.
* `direction` - (Required, ForceNew) Direction. Valid values: `in`, `out`.
* `ipVersion` - (Optional, ForceNew) The ip version.
* `lang` - (Optional, ForceNew) DestPortGroupPorts. Valid values: `en`, `zh`.
* `outputFile` - (Optional) File name where to save data source results (after running `terraform plan`).
* `proto` - (Optional, ForceNew) The protocol type of traffic to which the access control policy applies. Valid values: If `direction` is  `in`, the valid value is `any`. If `direction` is `out`, the valid values are `any`, `tcp`, `udp`, `icmp`.
* `source` - (Optional, ForceNew) The source address defined in the access control policy.
* `sourceIp` - (Optional, ForceNew) The source IP address of the request.

## Argument Reference

The following attributes are exported in addition to the arguments listed above:

* `ids` - A list of Control Policy IDs.
* `policies` - A list of Cloud Firewall Control Policies. Each element contains the following attributes:
    * `aclAction` - The action that Cloud Firewall performs on the traffic. Valid values: `accept`, `drop`, `log`.
    * `aclUuid` - The unique ID of the access control policy.
    * `applicationName` - The application type that the access control policy supports.If `direction` is `in`, the valid value is `any`. If `direction` is `out`, `any`, `http`, `https`, `mqtt`, `memcache`, `mongoDb`, `mySql`, `rdp`, `redis`, `smtp`, `smtps`, `ssh`, `ssl`, `vnc`.
    * `description` - The description of the access control policy.
    * `destPort` - The destination port defined in the access control policy. 
    * `destPortGroup` - The destination port address book defined in the access control policy.
    * `destPortType` - The destination port type defined in the access control policy. Valid values: `group`, `port`.
    * `destination` - The destination address defined in the access control policy. 
    * `destinationType` - The destination address type defined in the access control policy.Valid values: If `direction` is `in`, the valid values are `net`, `group`. If `direction` is `out`, the valid values are `net`, `group`, `domain`, `location`.
    * `direction` - The direction of traffic to which the access control policy applies. Valid values: `in`, `out`.
    * `id` - The ID of the Control Policy.
    * `proto` - The protocol type of traffic to which the access control policy applies. Valid values: If `direction` is `in`, the valid value is `any`. If `direction` is `out`, the valid values are `any`, `tcp`, `udp`, `icmp`.
    * `release` - Specifies whether the access control policy is enabled. By default, an access control policy is enabled after it is created. Valid values: `true`, `false`.
    * `source` - The source address defined in the access control policy.
    * `sourceType` - The type of the source address book defined in the access control policy. Valid values: If `direction` is to `in`, the valid values are `net`, `group`, `location`. If `direction` is `out`, the valid values are `net`, `group`.

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-ea50867dcc35b7cc5a3cb194ea01a4fe84d9e41a094f3318fd3af0509363239e -->