---
subcategory: "Cloud Monitor Service"
layout: "alicloud"
page_title: "Alicloud: alicloud_cms_alarm_contacts"
sidebar_current: "docs-alicloud-resource-cms-alarm-contacts"
description: |-
  Provides a list of alarm contact owned by an Alibaba Cloud account.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# alicloud\_cms\_alarm\_contacts

Provides a list of alarm contact owned by an Alibaba Cloud account.

-> **NOTE:** Available in v1.99.0+.

## Example Usage

Basic Usage

```terraform
data "alicloud_cms_alarm_contacts" "example" {
  ids = ["tf-testAccCmsAlarmContact"]
}
output "first-contact" {
  value = data.alicloud_cms_alarm_contacts.this.contacts
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `ids` - (Optional, ForceNew) A list of alarm contact IDs. 
* `nameRegex` - (Optional, ForceNew) A regex string to filter results by alarm contact name. 
* `chanelType` - (Optional, ForceNew)  The alarm notification method. Alarm notifications can be sent by using `email` or `dingWebHook`.
* `chanelValue` - (Optional, ForceNew)  The alarm notification target.
* `outputFile` - (Optional) File name where to save data source results (after running `terraform plan`). 

-> **NOTE:** Specify at least one of the following alarm notification targets: phone number, email address, webhook URL of the DingTalk chatbot, and TradeManager ID.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `ids` - A list of alarm contact IDs.
* `names` - A list of alarm contact names.
* `contacts` - A list of alarm contacts. Each element contains the following attributes:
    * `id` - The ID of the alarm contact.
    * `alarmContactName` - The name of the alarm contact.
    * `channelsAliim` - The TradeManager ID of the alarm contact.
    * `channelsDingWebHook` - The webhook URL of the DingTalk chatbot.
    * `channelsMail` - The email address of the alarm contact. 
    * `channelsSms` - The phone number of the alarm contact.
    * `describe` - The description of the alarm contact.
    * `contactGroups` - The alert groups to which the alarm contact is added.
    * `channelsStateAliim` - Indicates whether the TradeManager ID is valid.
    * `channelsStateDingWebHook` - Indicates whether the DingTalk chatbot is normal.
    * `channelsStateMail` - The status of the email address.
    * `channelsStatusSms` - The status of the phone number.
    * `lang` - The language type of the alarm.

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-6dd23d57a691b9198757bc3fc136444002b1f0656ea2c9eea3b626b5bef3f45b -->