---
subcategory: "Cloud Monitor Service"
layout: "alicloud"
page_title: "Alicloud: alicloud_cms_hybrid_monitor_sls_tasks"
sidebar_current: "docs-alicloud-datasource-cms-hybrid-monitor-sls-tasks"
description: |-
  Provides a list of Cms Hybrid Monitor Sls Tasks to the user.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# alicloud\_cms\_hybrid\_monitor\_sls\_tasks

This data source provides the Cms Hybrid Monitor Sls Tasks of the current Alibaba Cloud user.

-> **NOTE:** Available in v1.179.0+.

## Example Usage

Basic Usage

```typescript
import * as constructs from "constructs";
import * as cdktf from "cdktf";
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as alicloud from "./.gen/providers/alicloud";
class MyConvertedCode extends cdktf.TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: constructs.Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    const dataAlicloudCmsHybridMonitorSlsTasksIds =
      new alicloud.dataAlicloudCmsHybridMonitorSlsTasks.DataAlicloudCmsHybridMonitorSlsTasks(
        this,
        "ids",
        {
          ids: ["example_value"],
        }
      );
    new cdktf.TerraformOutput(this, "cms_hybrid_monitor_sls_task_id_1", {
      value: cdktf.propertyAccess(
        dataAlicloudCmsHybridMonitorSlsTasksIds.tasks,
        ["0", "id"]
      ),
    });
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `ids` - (Optional, ForceNew, Computed)  A list of Hybrid Monitor Sls Task IDs.
* `keyword` - (Optional, ForceNew) The keyword that is used to search for metric import tasks.
* `namespace` - (Optional, ForceNew) The name of the namespace.
* `outputFile` - (Optional) File name where to save data source results (after running `terraform plan`).

## Argument Reference

The following attributes are exported in addition to the arguments listed above:

* `tasks` - A list of Cms Hybrid Monitor Sls Tasks. Each element contains the following attributes:
    * `attachLabels` - The tags of the metric import task.
         * `name` - The key of the tag.
         * `value` - The value of the tag.
    * `collectInterval` - The interval between the cloud monitoring plug-in collecting host monitoring data.
    * `collectTargetEndpoint` - The address where the cloudmonitor Plug-In collects the monitoring data of the host.
    * `collectTargetPath` - When the cloud monitor Agent collects, the relative path of the collection.
    * `collectTargetType` - The type of the monitoring data. Valid values: Spring, Tomcat, Nginx, Tengine, JVM, Redis, MySQL, and AWS.
    * `collectTimout` - The timeout period for the cloudmonitor plug-in to collect host monitoring data.
    * `createTime` - Create the timestamp of the monitoring task. Unit: milliseconds.
    * `description` - Monitoring task description.
    * `extraInfo` - Additional information for the instance.
    * `groupId` - The ID of the application Group.
    * `hybridMonitorSlsTaskId` - The ID of the monitoring task.
    * `id` - The ID of the Hybrid Monitor Sls Task.
    * `instances` - A list of instances where monitoring data is collected in batches.
    * `logFilePath` - The path where on-premises log data is stored. On-premises log data is stored in the specified path of the host where CloudMonitor is deployed.
    * `logProcess` - Local Log Monitoring and calculation method.
    * `logSample` - The sample on-premises log.
    * `logSplit` - The local log data is divided according to different matching patterns.
    * `matchExpress` - The matching condition of the instance in the application Group.
        * `function` - The method that is used to match the instance name.
        * `name` - The name of the instance.
        * `value` - The keyword that corresponds to the instance name.
    * `matchExpressRelation` - The filter condition of the instance of the monitoring task.
    * `namespace` - The namespace to which the host belongs.
    * `networkType` - The network type of the host.
    * `slsProcess` - The configurations of the logs that are imported from Log Service.
    * `slsProcessConfig` - The configurations of the logs that are imported from Log Service.
    * `groupBy` - The dimension based on which data is aggregated. This parameter is equivalent to the GROUP BY clause in SQL.
        * `alias` - The alias of the aggregation result.
        * `slsKeyName` - The name of the key that is used to aggregate logs imported from Log Service.
    * `statistics` - The method that is used to aggregate logs imported from Log Service.
        * `parameterOne` - The value of the function that is used to aggregate logs imported from Log Service.
        * `parameterTwo` - The value of the function that is used to aggregate logs imported from Log Service.
        * `slsKeyName` - The name of the key that is used to aggregate logs imported from Log Service.
        * `alias` - The alias of the aggregation result.
        * `function` - The function that is used to aggregate log data within a statistical period.
    * `express` - The extended fields that specify the results of basic operations that are performed on aggregation results.
        * `alias` - The alias of the extended field that specifies the result of basic operations that are performed on aggregation results.
        * `express` - The extended field that specifies the result of basic operations that are performed on aggregation results.
    * `filter` - The conditions that are used to filter logs imported from Log Service.
        * `filters` - The conditions that are used to filter logs imported from Log Service.
            * `operator` - The method that is used to filter logs imported from Log Service.
            * `slsKeyName` - The name of the key that is used to filter logs imported from Log Service.
            * `value` - The value of the key that is used to filter logs imported from Log Service.
        * `relation` - The relationship between multiple filter conditions.
    * `taskName` - The name of the metric import task.
    * `taskType` - Monitoring Task type.
    * `uploadRegion` - The region where the host resides.
<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-710df33a9e9b0ab0fff8ca993567ee14e03bb178f6c27cd942b9da74bf5e4b89 -->