---
subcategory: "Cloud Monitor Service"
layout: "alicloud"
page_title: "Alicloud: alicloud_cms_monitor_groups"
sidebar_current: "docs-alicloud-datasource-cms-monitor-groups"
description: |-
  Provides a list of Cms Monitor Groups to the user.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# alicloud\_cms\_monitor\_groups

This data source provides the Cms Monitor Groups of the current Alibaba Cloud user.

-> **NOTE:** Available in v1.113.0+.

## Example Usage

Basic Usage

```typescript
import * as constructs from "constructs";
import * as cdktf from "cdktf";
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as alicloud from "./.gen/providers/alicloud";
class MyConvertedCode extends cdktf.TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: constructs.Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    const dataAlicloudCmsMonitorGroupsExample =
      new alicloud.dataAlicloudCmsMonitorGroups.DataAlicloudCmsMonitorGroups(
        this,
        "example",
        {
          ids: ["example_value"],
          nameRegex: "the_resource_name",
        }
      );
    new cdktf.TerraformOutput(this, "first_cms_monitor_group_id", {
      value: cdktf.propertyAccess(dataAlicloudCmsMonitorGroupsExample.groups, [
        "0",
        "id",
      ]),
    });
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `dynamicTagRuleId` - (Optional, ForceNew) The ID of the tag rule.
* `ids` - (Optional, ForceNew, Computed)  A list of Monitor Group IDs.
* `includeTemplateHistory` - (Optional, ForceNew) The include template history.
* `keyword` - (Optional, ForceNew) The keyword to be matched.
* `monitorGroupName` - (Optional, ForceNew) The name of the application group.
* `nameRegex` - (Optional, ForceNew) A regex string to filter results by Monitor Group name.
* `outputFile` - (Optional) File name where to save data source results (after running `terraform plan`).
* `selectContactGroups` - (Optional, ForceNew) The select contact groups.
* `type` - (Optional, ForceNew) The type of the application group. Valid values: `custom`, `ehpcCluster`, `kubernetes`.

## Argument Reference

The following attributes are exported in addition to the arguments listed above:

* `names` - A list of Monitor Group names.
* `groups` - A list of Cms Monitor Groups. Each element contains the following attributes:
	* `bindUrl` - The URL of the Kubernetes cluster from which the application group is synchronized.
	* `contactGroups` - The list of  alert groups that receive alert notifications for the application group.
	* `dynamicTagRuleId` - The ID of the tag rule.
	* `gmtCreate` - The time when the application group was created.
	* `gmtModified` - The time when the application group was modified.
	* `groupId` - The ID of the application group.
	* `id` - The ID of the Monitor Group.
	* `monitorGroupName` - The name of the application group.
	* `serviceId` - The ID of the Alibaba Cloud service.
	* `tags` - A map of tags assigned to the Cms Monitor Group.
		* `tagKey` - The key of the tag attached to the application group.
		* `tagValue` - The value of the tag attached to the application group.
	* `templateIds` - The alert templates applied to the application group.
	* `type` - The type of the application group.

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-f500a32f52944227fdfcac3ed4ee12512bc6c1bb9172de49ee501d2e5b55e108 -->