---
subcategory: "Cloud Monitor Service"
layout: "alicloud"
page_title: "Alicloud: alicloud_cms_metric_rule_templates"
sidebar_current: "docs-alicloud-datasource-cms-metric-rule-templates"
description: |- 
    Provides a list of Cms Metric Rule Templates to the user.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# alicloud\_cms\_metric\_rule\_templates

This data source provides the Cms Metric Rule Templates of the current Alibaba Cloud user.

-> **NOTE:** Available in v1.134.0+.

## Example Usage

Basic Usage

```typescript
import * as constructs from "constructs";
import * as cdktf from "cdktf";
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as alicloud from "./.gen/providers/alicloud";
class MyConvertedCode extends cdktf.TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: constructs.Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    const dataAlicloudCmsMetricRuleTemplatesIds =
      new alicloud.dataAlicloudCmsMetricRuleTemplates.DataAlicloudCmsMetricRuleTemplates(
        this,
        "ids",
        {
          ids: ["example_value"],
        }
      );
    new alicloud.dataAlicloudCmsMetricRuleTemplates.DataAlicloudCmsMetricRuleTemplates(
      this,
      "keyword",
      {
        keyword: "^my-MetricRuleTemplate",
      }
    );
    const dataAlicloudCmsMetricRuleTemplatesNameRegex =
      new alicloud.dataAlicloudCmsMetricRuleTemplates.DataAlicloudCmsMetricRuleTemplates(
        this,
        "nameRegex",
        {
          nameRegex: "^my-MetricRuleTemplate",
        }
      );
    new alicloud.dataAlicloudCmsMetricRuleTemplates.DataAlicloudCmsMetricRuleTemplates(
      this,
      "template_id",
      {
        templateId: "example_value",
      }
    );
    new cdktf.TerraformOutput(this, "cms_metric_rule_template_id_1", {
      value: cdktf.propertyAccess(
        dataAlicloudCmsMetricRuleTemplatesIds.templates,
        ["0", "id"]
      ),
    });
    new cdktf.TerraformOutput(this, "cms_metric_rule_template_id_2", {
      value: cdktf.propertyAccess(
        dataAlicloudCmsMetricRuleTemplatesNameRegex.templates,
        ["0", "id"]
      ),
    });
    new cdktf.TerraformOutput(this, "cms_metric_rule_template_id_3", {
      value: cdktf.propertyAccess(
        dataAlicloudCmsMetricRuleTemplatesNameRegex.templates,
        ["0", "id"]
      ),
    });
    new cdktf.TerraformOutput(this, "cms_metric_rule_template_id_4", {
      value: cdktf.propertyAccess(
        dataAlicloudCmsMetricRuleTemplatesNameRegex.templates,
        ["0", "id"]
      ),
    });
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `enableDetails` - (Optional) Valid values: `true` or `false`. Default to `false`. Set it to `true` can output more details about resource attributes.
* `ids` - (Optional, ForceNew, Computed)  A list of Metric Rule Template IDs.
* `keyword` - (Optional, ForceNew) The name of the alert template. You can perform fuzzy search based on the template name.
* `metricRuleTemplateName` - (Optional, ForceNew) The name of the alert template.
* `nameRegex` - (Optional, ForceNew) A regex string to filter results by Metric Rule Template name.
* `templateId` - (Optional, ForceNew) The ID of the alert template.
* `outputFile` - (Optional) File name where to save data source results (after running `terraform plan`).

## Argument Reference

The following attributes are exported in addition to the arguments listed above:

* `names` - A list of Metric Rule Template names.
* `templates` - A list of Cms Metric Rule Templates. Each element contains the following attributes:
    * `alertTemplates` - The details of alert rules that are generated based on the alert template.
        * `category` - The abbreviation of the service name. Valid values: `ecs`, `rds`, `ads`, `slb`, `vpc`, `apigateway`, `cdn`, `cs`, `dcdn`, `ddos`, `eip`, `elasticsearch`, `emr`, `ess`, `hbase`, `iotEdge`, `kvstoreSharding`, `kvstoreSplitrw`, `kvstoreStandard`, `memcache`, `mns`, `mongodb`, `mongodbCluster`, `mongodbSharding`, `mqTopic`, `ocs`, `opensearch`, `oss`, `polardb`, `petadata`, `scdn`, `sharebandwidthpackages`, `sls`, `vpn`.
        * `escalations` - The information about the trigger condition based on the alert level.
            * `critical` - The condition for triggering critical-level alerts.
                * `threshold` - The threshold for critical-level alerts.
                * `times` - The consecutive number of times for which the metric value is measured before a
                  critical-level alert is triggered.
                * `comparisonOperator` - The comparison operator of the threshold for critical-level alerts.Valid values: `greaterThanOrEqualToThreshold`, `greaterThanThreshold`, `lessThanOrEqualToThreshold`, `lessThanThreshold`, `notEqualToThreshold`, `greaterThanYesterday`, `lessThanYesterday`, `greaterThanLastWeek`, `lessThanLastWeek`, `greaterThanLastPeriod`, `lessThanLastPeriod`.
                * `statistics` - The statistical aggregation method for critical-level alerts.
            * `info` - The condition for triggering info-level alerts.
                * `statistics` - The statistical aggregation method for info-level alerts.
                * `threshold` - The threshold for info-level alerts.
                * `times` - The consecutive number of times for which the metric value is measured before an info-level
                  alert is triggered.
                * `comparisonOperator` - The comparison operator of the threshold for info-level alerts.Valid values: `greaterThanOrEqualToThreshold`, `greaterThanThreshold`, `lessThanOrEqualToThreshold`, `lessThanThreshold`, `notEqualToThreshold`, `greaterThanYesterday`, `lessThanYesterday`, `greaterThanLastWeek`, `lessThanLastWeek`, `greaterThanLastPeriod`, `lessThanLastPeriod`.
            * `warn` - The condition for triggering warn-level alerts.
                * `comparisonOperator` - The comparison operator of the threshold for warn-level alerts.Valid values: `greaterThanOrEqualToThreshold`, `greaterThanThreshold`, `lessThanOrEqualToThreshold`, `lessThanThreshold`, `notEqualToThreshold`, `greaterThanYesterday`, `lessThanYesterday`, `greaterThanLastWeek`, `lessThanLastWeek`, `greaterThanLastPeriod`, `lessThanLastPeriod`.
                * `statistics` - The statistical aggregation method for warn-level alerts.
                * `threshold` - The threshold for warn-level alerts.
                * `times` - The consecutive number of times for which the metric value is measured before a warn-level
                  alert is triggered.
        * `metricName` - The name of the metric.
        * `namespace` - The namespace of the service.
        * `ruleName` - The name of the alert rule.
        * `webhook` - The callback URL to which a POST request is sent when an alert is triggered based on the alert rule.
    * `description` - The description of the alert template.
    * `groupId` - GroupId.
    * `id` - The ID of the Metric Rule Template.
    * `metricRuleTemplateName` - The name of the alert template.
    * `restVersion` - The version of the alert template.

	-> **NOTE:** The version changes with the number of times that the alert template is modified.
    * `templateId` - The ID of the alert template.

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-01adb310f38d3e8a2acc9ab71a7df93100c1e604aa4c38e673c7b732c66e1523 -->