---
subcategory: "EIP Bandwidth Plan (CBWP)"
layout: "alicloud"
page_title: "Alicloud: alicloud_common_bandwidth_packages"
sidebar_current: "docs-alicloud-datasource-common-bandwidth-packages"
description: |-
    Provides a list of Common Bandwidth Packages owned by an Alibaba Cloud account.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# alicloud\_common\_bandwidth\_packages

This data source provides a list of Common Bandwidth Packages owned by an Alibaba Cloud account.

-> **NOTE:** Available in 1.36.0+.

## Example Usage

```typescript
import * as constructs from "constructs";
import * as cdktf from "cdktf";
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as alicloud from "./.gen/providers/alicloud";
class MyConvertedCode extends cdktf.TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: constructs.Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    const alicloudCommonBandwidthPackageFoo =
      new alicloud.commonBandwidthPackage.CommonBandwidthPackage(this, "foo", {
        bandwidth: "2",
        description: "tf-testAcc-CommonBandwidthPackage",
        name: "tf-testAccCommonBandwidthPackage",
      });
    const dataAlicloudCommonBandwidthPackagesFoo =
      new alicloud.dataAlicloudCommonBandwidthPackages.DataAlicloudCommonBandwidthPackages(
        this,
        "foo_1",
        {
          ids: [cdktf.Token.asString(alicloudCommonBandwidthPackageFoo.id)],
          nameRegex: "^tf-testAcc.*",
        }
      );
    /*This allows the Terraform resource name to match the original name. You can remove the call if you don't need them to match.*/
    dataAlicloudCommonBandwidthPackagesFoo.overrideLogicalId("foo");
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `ids` - (Optional) A list of Common Bandwidth Packages IDs.
* `nameRegex` - (Optional) A regex string to filter results by name.
* `outputFile` - (Optional) File name where to save data source results (after running `terraform plan`).
* `resourceGroupId` - (Optional, ForceNew, Available in 1.58.0+) The Id of resource group which the common bandwidth package belongs.
* `bandwidthPackageName` - (Optional, ForceNew, Available in 1.120.0+) The name of bandwidth package.
* `dryRun` - (Optional, ForceNew, Available in 1.120.0+) Specifies whether to precheck only the request.
* `includeReservationData` - (Optional, ForceNew, Available in 1.120.0+) Specifies whether to return data of orders that have not taken effect.
* `status` - (Optional, ForceNew, Available in 1.120.0+) The status of bandwidth package. Valid values: `available` and `pending`.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported in addition to the arguments listed above:

* `ids` - (Optional) A list of Common Bandwidth Packages IDs.
* `names` - A list of Common Bandwidth Packages names.
* `packages` - A list of Common Bandwidth Packages. Each element contains the following attributes:
  * `id` - ID of the Common Bandwidth Package.
  * `bandwidth` - The peak bandwidth of the Internet Shared Bandwidth instance.
  * `status` - Status of the Common Bandwidth Package.
  * `name` - Name of the Common Bandwidth Package.
  * `description` - The description of the Common Bandwidth Package instance.
  * `businessStatus` - The business status of the Common Bandwidth Package instance.
  * `isp` - ISP of the Common Bandwidth Package.
  * `creationTime` - (Deprecated from v1.120.0) Time of creation.
  * `publicIpAddresses` - Public ip addresses that in the Common Bandwidth Pakcage.
  * `resourceGroupId` - The Id of resource group which the common bandwidth package belongs.
  * `bandwidthPackageId` - The resource ID of bandwidth package.
  * `bandwidthPackageName` - The name of bandwidth package.
  * `deletionProtection` - The deletion protection of bandwidth package.
  * `expiredTime` - The expired time of bandwidth package.
  * `hasReservationData` - Is has reservation data.
  * `internetChargeType` - The internet charge type of bandwidth package.
  * `paymentType` - The payment type of bandwidth package.
  * `ratio` - The ratio of bandwidth package.
  * `reservationActiveTime` - The active time of reservation.
  * `reservationBandwidth` - The bandwidth of reservation.
  * `reservationInternetChargeType` - The charge type of reservation internet.
  * `reservationOrderType` - The type of reservation order.
  * `serviceManaged` - The service managed.
  
## Public ip addresses Block
  
  The public ip addresses mapping supports the following:
  
  * `ipAddress`   - The address of the EIP.
  * `allocationId` - The ID of the EIP instance.
  * `bandwidthPackageIpRelationStatus` - The IP relation status of bandwidth package.

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-00983ce9c585eb00069bd793b9a02fb74fac843abdeb66f3b46f7e0b080685fa -->