---
subcategory: "Compute Nest"
layout: "alicloud"
page_title: "Alicloud: alicloud_compute_nest_service_instances"
sidebar_current: "docs-alicloud-datasource-compute-nest-service-instances"
description: |-
  Provides a list of Compute Nest Service Instances to the user.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# alicloud\_compute\_nest\_service\_instances

This data source provides the Compute Nest Service Instances of the current Alibaba Cloud user.

-> **NOTE:** Available in v1.205.0+.

## Example Usage

Basic Usage

```typescript
import * as constructs from "constructs";
import * as cdktf from "cdktf";
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as alicloud from "./.gen/providers/alicloud";
class MyConvertedCode extends cdktf.TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: constructs.Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    const dataAlicloudComputeNestServiceInstancesIds =
      new alicloud.dataAlicloudComputeNestServiceInstances.DataAlicloudComputeNestServiceInstances(
        this,
        "ids",
        {
          ids: ["example_id"],
        }
      );
    const dataAlicloudComputeNestServiceInstancesNameRegex =
      new alicloud.dataAlicloudComputeNestServiceInstances.DataAlicloudComputeNestServiceInstances(
        this,
        "nameRegex",
        {
          nameRegex: "tf-example",
        }
      );
    new cdktf.TerraformOutput(this, "arms_prometheis_id_1", {
      value: cdktf.propertyAccess(
        dataAlicloudComputeNestServiceInstancesIds.serviceInstances,
        ["0", "id"]
      ),
    });
    new cdktf.TerraformOutput(this, "arms_prometheis_id_2", {
      value: cdktf.propertyAccess(
        dataAlicloudComputeNestServiceInstancesNameRegex.serviceInstances,
        ["0", "id"]
      ),
    });
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `ids` - (Optional, ForceNew, Computed) A list of Service Instance IDs.
* `nameRegex` - (Optional, ForceNew) A regex string to filter results by Service Instance name.
* `status` - (Optional, ForceNew) The status of the Service Instance. Valid Values: `created`, `deploying`, `deployedFailed`, `deployed`, `upgrading`, `deleting`, `deleted`, `deletedFailed`.
* `filter` - (Optional, ForceNew) The conditions that are used to filter. See the following `Block filter`.
* `tags` - (Optional, ForceNew) A mapping of tags to assign to the resource.
* `outputFile` - (Optional) File name where to save data source results (after running `terraform plan`).

#### Block filter

The filter supports the following:

* `name` - (Optional, ForceNew) The name of the filter. Valid Values: `name`, `serviceInstanceName`, `serviceInstanceId`, `serviceId`, `version`, `status`, `deployType`, `serviceType`, `operationStartTimeBefore`, `operationStartTimeAfter`, `operationEndTimeBefore`, `operationEndTimeAfter`, `operatedServiceInstanceId`, `operationServiceInstanceId`, `enableInstanceOps`.
* `value` - (Optional, ForceNew) Set of values that are accepted for the given field.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported in addition to the arguments listed above:

* `names` - A list of Service Instance names.
* `serviceInstances` - A list of Service Instances. Each element contains the following attributes:
  * `id` - The ID of the Service Instance.
  * `serviceInstanceId` - The ID of the Service Instance.
  * `serviceInstanceName` - The name of the Service Instance.
  * `parameters` - The parameters entered by the deployment service instance.
  * `enableInstanceOps` - Whether the service instance has the O&M function.
  * `templateName` - The name of the template.
  * `operationStartTime` - The start time of O&M.
  * `operationEndTime` - The end time of O&M.
  * `resources` - The list of imported resources.
  * `operatedServiceInstanceId` - The ID of the imported service instance.
  * `source` - The source of the Service Instance.
  * `service` - Service details.
    * `serviceId` - The id of the service.
    * `serviceType` - The type of the service.
    * `deployType` - The type of the deployment.
    * `supplierName` - The name of the supplier.
    * `supplierUrl` - The url of the supplier.
    * `publishTime` - The time of publish.
    * `version` - The version of the service.
    * `versionName` - The version name of the service.
    * `serviceInfos` - Service information.
      * `name` - The name of the service.
      * `shortDescription` - The short description of the service.
      * `image` - The image of the service.
      * `locale` - The locale of the service.
    * `status` - The status of the service.
  * `tags` - The tag of the Service Instance.
  * `status` - The status of the Service Instance.
  
<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-dd60e8ebcbbb57e2e3a55e6e2d13ad09a46689e3dd2dbe7cc8ea76aac964912f -->