---
subcategory: "Cloud Config (Config)"
layout: "alicloud"
page_title: "Alicloud: alicloud_config_aggregate_config_rules"
sidebar_current: "docs-alicloud-datasource-config-aggregate-config-rules"
description: |-
  Provides a list of Config Aggregate Config Rules to the user.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# alicloud\_config\_aggregate\_config\_rules

This data source provides the Config Aggregate Config Rules of the current Alibaba Cloud user.

-> **NOTE:** Available in v1.124.0+.

## Example Usage

Basic Usage

```typescript
import * as constructs from "constructs";
import * as cdktf from "cdktf";
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as alicloud from "./.gen/providers/alicloud";
class MyConvertedCode extends cdktf.TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: constructs.Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    const dataAlicloudConfigAggregateConfigRulesExample =
      new alicloud.dataAlicloudConfigAggregateConfigRules.DataAlicloudConfigAggregateConfigRules(
        this,
        "example",
        {
          aggregatorId: "ca-3a9b626622af001d****",
          ids: ["cr-5154626622af0034****"],
          nameRegex: "the_resource_name",
        }
      );
    new cdktf.TerraformOutput(this, "first_config_aggregate_config_rule_id", {
      value: cdktf.propertyAccess(
        dataAlicloudConfigAggregateConfigRulesExample.rules,
        ["0", "id"]
      ),
    });
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `aggregatorId` - (Required, ForceNew) The ID of aggregator.
* `aggregateConfigRuleName` - (Optional, ForceNew) The config rule name.
* `status` - (Optional, ForceNew) The state of the config rule, valid values: `active`, `deleting`, `evaluating` and `inactive`. 
* `enableDetails` - (Optional) Default to `false`. Set it to `true` can output more details about resource attributes.
* `ids` - (Optional, ForceNew, Computed)  A list of Aggregate Config Rule IDs.
* `riskLevel` - Optional, ForceNew) The Risk Level. Valid values `1`: critical, `2`: warning, `3`: info.
* `nameRegex` - (Optional, ForceNew) A regex string to filter results by Aggregate Config Rule name.
* `outputFile` - (Optional) File name where to save data source results (after running `terraform plan`).

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported in addition to the arguments listed above:

* `names` - A list of Aggregate Config Rule names.
* `rules` - A list of Config Aggregate Config Rules. Each element contains the following attributes:
	* `accountId` - The Aliyun User ID.
	* `aggregateConfigRuleName` - The name of the rule.
	* `aggregatorId` - The ID of Aggregator.
	* `compliance` -The Compliance information.
		* `count` - The Count.
		* `complianceType` - The Compliance Type.
	* `compliancePackId` - The ID of Compliance Package.
	* `configRuleArn` - The config rule arn.
	* `configRuleId` - The ID of the rule.
	* `status` - The status of the rule. 
	* `eventSource` - Event source of the Config Rule. 
	* `description` - The description of the rule.
	* `id` - The ID of the Aggregate Config Rule.
	* `configRuleTriggerTypes` - The trigger types of config rules.
	* `excludeResourceIdsScope` - The id of the resources to be evaluated against the rule.
    * `sourceIdentifier`- The identifier of the managed rule or the arn of the custom function.
    * `sourceOwner`- The source owner of the Config Rule.
	* `maximumExecutionFrequency` - The frequency of the compliance evaluations.
	* `regionIdsScope` - The scope of resource region ids.
	* `resourceGroupIdsScope` - The scope of resource group ids.
	* `tagKeyScope` - The scope of tay key.
	* `tagValueScope` - The scope of tay value.
	* `inputParameters` - The settings of the input parameters for the rule.
	* `modifiedTimestamp` - The timestamp when the rule was last modified.
	* `riskLevel` - The risk level of the resources that are not compliant with the rule. Valid values: `1`: critical, `2`: warning, `3`: info.

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-2a8a81e2308a1b9327b607f2db5fc7df73fcc52bb62d0c6176ee4fdcd53e218a -->