---
subcategory: "Cloud Config (Config)"
layout: "alicloud"
page_title: "Alicloud: alicloud_config_aggregate_deliveries"
sidebar_current: "docs-alicloud-datasource-config-aggregate-deliveries"
description: |-
  Provides a list of Config Aggregate Deliveries to the user.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# alicloud\_config\_aggregate\_deliveries

This data source provides the Config Aggregate Deliveries of the current Alibaba Cloud user.

-> **NOTE:** Available in v1.172.0+.

## Example Usage

Basic Usage

```typescript
import * as constructs from "constructs";
import * as cdktf from "cdktf";
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as alicloud from "./.gen/providers/alicloud";
class MyConvertedCode extends cdktf.TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: constructs.Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    const dataAlicloudConfigAggregateDeliveriesIds =
      new alicloud.dataAlicloudConfigAggregateDeliveries.DataAlicloudConfigAggregateDeliveries(
        this,
        "ids",
        {
          aggregatorId: "example_value",
          ids: ["example_value-1", "example_value-2"],
        }
      );
    new cdktf.TerraformOutput(this, "config_aggregate_delivery_id_1", {
      value: cdktf.propertyAccess(
        dataAlicloudConfigAggregateDeliveriesIds.deliveries,
        ["0", "id"]
      ),
    });
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `aggregatorId` - (Required, ForceNew) The ID of the Aggregator.
* `deliveryChannelIds` - (Optional, ForceNew) The delivery channel ids.
* `ids` - (Optional, ForceNew, Computed)  A list of Aggregate Delivery IDs.
* `outputFile` - (Optional) File name where to save data source results (after running `terraform plan`).
* `status` - (Optional, ForceNew) The status of the delivery method. Valid values: `0`: The delivery method is disabled. `1`: The delivery destination is enabled.

## Argument Reference

The following attributes are exported in addition to the arguments listed above:

* `deliveries` - A list of Config Aggregate Deliveries. Each element contains the following attributes:
	* `accountId` - The Aliyun User Id.
	* `aggregatorId` - The ID of the Aggregator.
	* `configurationItemChangeNotification` - Open or close delivery configuration change history.
	* `configurationSnapshot` - Open or close timed snapshot of shipping resources.
	* `deliveryChannelAssumeRoleArn` - The Alibaba Cloud Resource Name (ARN) of the role to be assumed by the delivery method.
	* `deliveryChannelCondition` - The rule attached to the delivery method.
	* `deliveryChannelId` - The ID of the delivery method.
	* `deliveryChannelName` - The name of the delivery method.
	* `deliveryChannelTargetArn` - The ARN of the delivery destination.
	* `deliveryChannelType` - The type of the delivery method.
	* `description` - The description of the delivery method.
	* `id` - The ID of the Aggregate Delivery.
	* `nonCompliantNotification` - Open or close non-compliance events of delivery resources.
	* `oversizedDataOssTargetArn` - The oss ARN of the delivery channel when the value data oversized limit.
	* `status` - The status of the delivery method. Valid values: `0`: The delivery method is disabled. `1`: The delivery destination is enabled.
<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-c983df7855ff9f4efeef65f175fbca8fac3bb509a0d9f36b0be6dc267c976d59 -->