---
subcategory: "Cloud Config (Config)"
layout: "alicloud"
page_title: "Alicloud: alicloud_config_rules"
sidebar_current: "docs-alicloud-datasource-config-rules"
description: |-
    Provides a list of Config Rules to the user.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# alicloud\_config\_rules

This data source provides the Config Rules of the current Alibaba Cloud user.

-> **NOTE:**  Available in 1.99.0+.

-> **NOTE:** The Cloud Config region only support `cnShanghai` and `apSoutheast1`.

## Example Usage

```typescript
import * as constructs from "constructs";
import * as cdktf from "cdktf";
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as alicloud from "./.gen/providers/alicloud";
class MyConvertedCode extends cdktf.TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: constructs.Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    const dataAlicloudConfigRulesExample =
      new alicloud.dataAlicloudConfigRules.DataAlicloudConfigRules(
        this,
        "example",
        {
          ids: ["cr-ed4bad756057********"],
          nameRegex: "tftest",
        }
      );
    new cdktf.TerraformOutput(this, "first_config_rule_id", {
      value: cdktf.propertyAccess(dataAlicloudConfigRulesExample.rules, [
        "0",
        "id",
      ]),
    });
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `ids` - (Optional, ForceNew) A list of Config Rule IDs.
* `status` - (Optional, ForceNew, Available in 1.124.1+) The status of the config rule, valid values: `active`, `deleting`, `evaluating` and `inactive`. 
* `ruleName` - (Optional, ForceNew, Available in 1.124.1+) The name of config rule.
* `multiAccount` - (Optional, ForceNew,Removed) Field `multiAccount` has been removed from provider version 1.146.0. Please Use the Resource `alicloudConfigAggregateConfigRule`.
* `memberId` - (Optional, ForceNew,Removed) Field `multiAccount` has been removed from provider version 1.146.0. Please Use the Resource `alicloudConfigAggregateConfigRule`.
* `riskLevel` - (Optional, ForceNew) The risk level of Config Rule. Valid values: `1`: Critical ,`2`: Warning , `3`: Info.
* `enableDetails` - (Optional) Default to `false`. Set it to `true` can output more details about resource attributes.
* `nameRegex` - (Optional, ForceNew) A regex string to filter results by rule name.
* `messageType` - (Optional, ForceNew,  Available in v1.104.0+, Remove) Field `messageType` has been removed from provider version 1.124.1.
* `outputFile` - (Optional) File name where to save data source results (after running `terraform plan`).
* `configRuleState` - (Optional, ForceNew, Deprecated) Field `configRuleState` has been deprecated from provider version 1.124.1. New field `status` instead.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported in addition to the arguments listed above:

* `ids` - A list of Config Rule IDs.
* `names` - A list of Config Rule names.
* `rules` - A list of Config Rules. Each element contains the following attributes:
    * `id` - The ID of the Config Rule.
    * `accountId`- The ID of the Alicloud account.
    * `configRuleArn`- The ARN of the Config Rule.
    * `configRuleId`- The ID of the Config Rule.
    * `configRuleState`- The state of the Config Rule.
    * `description`- The description of the Config Rule.
    * `inputParameters`- The input parameters of the Config Rule.
    * `modifiedTimestamp`- the timestamp of the Config Rule modified.
    * `riskLevel`- The risk level of the Config Rule.
    * `ruleName`- The name of the Config Rule.
    * `eventSource` - Event source of the Config Rule.
    * `scopeComplianceResourceId` - (Removed)  Field `scopeComplianceResourceId` has been removed from provider version 1.124.1. Please use 'exclude_resource_ids_scope' instead. 
    * `scopeComplianceResourceTypes` - The types of the resources to be evaluated against the rule.
    * `sourceDetailMessageType` - Rule trigger mechanism.
    * `sourceMaximumExecutionFrequency` - Rule execution cycle. 
    * `sourceIdentifier`- The identifier of the managed rule or the arn of the custom function.
    * `sourceOwner`- The source owner of the Config Rule.
    * `compliance` - The information about the compliance evaluations based on the rule.
        * `complianceType` - The compliance evaluation result of the target resources.
        * `count` - The number of resources with the specified compliance evaluation result.
    * `configRuleTriggerTypes` - (Available in 1.124.1+) A list of trigger types of config rule.
    * `excludeResourceIdsScope` - (Available in 1.124.1+) The scope of exclude of resource ids.
    * `maximumExecutionFrequency` - (Available in 1.124.1+) The frequency of maximum execution.
    * `regionIdsScope` - (Available in 1.124.1+) The scope of region ids.
    * `resourceGroupIdsScope` - (Available in 1.124.1+) The scope of resource group ids.
    * `resourceTypesScope` - (Available in 1.124.1+) The scope of resource types.
    * `status` - (Available in 1.124.1+) The status of config rule.
    * `tagKeyScope` - (Available in 1.124.1+) The scope of tag key.
    * `tagValueScope` - (Available in 1.124.1+) The scope of tag value.

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-c2d7c8370f0f298a3257596670f6b07ec82aafbf6ef007f879982b3129bb4469 -->