---
subcategory: "Container Registry (CR)"
layout: "alicloud"
page_title: "Alicloud: alicloud_cr_ee_repos"
sidebar_current: "docs-alicloud-datasource-cr-ee-repos"
description: |-
  Provides a list of Container Registry Enterprise Edition repositories.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# alicloud\_cr\_ee\_repos

This data source provides a list Container Registry Enterprise Edition repositories on Alibaba Cloud.

-> **NOTE:** Available in v1.87.0+

## Example Usage

```typescript
import * as constructs from "constructs";
import * as cdktf from "cdktf";
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as alicloud from "./.gen/providers/alicloud";
class MyConvertedCode extends cdktf.TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: constructs.Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    const dataAlicloudCrEeReposMyRepos =
      new alicloud.dataAlicloudCrEeRepos.DataAlicloudCrEeRepos(
        this,
        "my_repos",
        {
          instanceId: "cri-xx",
          nameRegex: "my-repos",
          outputFile: "my-repo-json",
        }
      );
    new cdktf.TerraformOutput(this, "output", {
      value: dataAlicloudCrEeReposMyRepos.repos,
    });
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `instanceId` - (Required) ID of Container Registry Enterprise Edition instance.
* `namespace` - (Optional) Name of Container Registry Enterprise Edition namespace where the repositories are located in.
* `ids` - (Optional) A list of ids to filter results by repository id.
* `nameRegex` - (Optional) A regex string to filter results by repository name.
* `outputFile` - (Optional) File name where to save data source results (after running `terraform plan`).
* `enableDetails` - (Optional) Boolean, false by default, only repository attributes are exported. Set to true if tags belong to this repository are needed. See `tags` in attributes.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported in addition to the arguments listed above:

* `ids` - A list of matched Container Registry Enterprise Edition repositories. Its element is a repository id.
* `names` - A list of repository names.
* `repos` - A list of matched Container Registry Enterprise Edition namespaces. Each element contains the following attributes:
  * `instanceId` - ID of Container Registry Enterprise Edition instance.
  * `namespace` - Name of Container Registry Enterprise Edition namespace where repo is located.
  * `id` - ID of Container Registry Enterprise Edition repository.
  * `name` - Name of Container Registry Enterprise Edition repository.
  * `summary` - The repository general information.
  * `repoType` - `public` or `private`, repository's visibility.
  * `tags` - A list of image tags belong to this repository. Each contains several attributes, see `Block Tag`.

### Block Tag

* `tag` - Tag of this image.
* `imageId` - Id of this image.
* `digest` - Digest of this image.
* `status` - Status of this image.
* `imageSize` - Status of this image, in bytes.
* `imageUpdate` - Last update time of this image, unix time in nanoseconds.
* `imageCreate` - Create time of this image, unix time in nanoseconds.


<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-f5a653955e66a455c2e541499ddc6bc5867a9ab8f0f918ff3ce1e005091397de -->