---
subcategory: "Container Registry (CR)"
layout: "alicloud"
page_title: "Alicloud: alicloud_cr_ee_instances"
sidebar_current: "docs-alicloud-datasource-cr-ee-instances"
description: |-
  Provides a list of Container Registry Enterprise Edition instances.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# alicloud\_cr\_ee\_instances

This data source provides a list Container Registry Enterprise Edition instances on Alibaba Cloud.

-> **NOTE:** Available in v1.86.0+

## Example Usage

```typescript
import * as constructs from "constructs";
import * as cdktf from "cdktf";
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as alicloud from "./.gen/providers/alicloud";
class MyConvertedCode extends cdktf.TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: constructs.Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    const dataAlicloudCrEeInstancesMyInstances =
      new alicloud.dataAlicloudCrEeInstances.DataAlicloudCrEeInstances(
        this,
        "my_instances",
        {
          nameRegex: "my-instances",
          outputFile: "my-instances-json",
        }
      );
    new cdktf.TerraformOutput(this, "output", {
      value: dataAlicloudCrEeInstancesMyInstances.instances,
    });
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `ids` - (Optional) A list of ids to filter results by instance id.
* `nameRegex` - (Optional) A regex string to filter results by instance name.
* `outputFile` - (Optional) File name where to save data source results (after running `terraform plan`).
* `enableDetails` - (Optional, Available in 1.132.0+) Default to `true`. Set it to true can output instance authorization token.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported in addition to the arguments listed above:

* `ids` - A list of matched Container Registry Enterprise Edition instances. Its element is an instance uuid.
* `names` - A list of instance names.
* `instances` - A list of matched Container Registry Enterprise Editioninstances. Each element contains the following attributes:
  * `id` - ID of Container Registry Enterprise Edition instance.
  * `name` - Name of Container Registry Enterprise Edition instance.
  * `region` - Region of Container Registry Enterprise Edition instance.
  * `specification` - Specification of Container Registry Enterprise Edition instance.
  * `namespaceQuota` - The max number of namespaces that an instance can create.
  * `namespaceUsage` - The number of namespaces already created.
  * `repoQuota` - The max number of repos that an instance can create.
  * `repoUsage` - The number of repos already created.
  * `vpcEndpoints` - A list of domains for access on vpc network.
  * `publicEndpoints` - A list of domains for access on internet network.
  * `authorizationToken` - The password that was used to log on to the registry.
  * `tempUsername` - The username that was used to log on to the registry.
  

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-7ca124fc37b9625fae581a028d41082950d69486e2ad58e4f1e6091e9ea4aca8 -->