---
subcategory: "Container Registry (CR)"
layout: "alicloud"
page_title: "Alicloud: alicloud_cr_ee_sync_rules"
sidebar_current: "docs-alicloud-datasource-cr-ee-sync-rules"
description: |-
  Provides a list of Container Registry Enterprise Edition sync rules.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# alicloud\_cr\_ee\_sync\_rules

This data source provides a list Container Registry Enterprise Edition sync rules on Alibaba Cloud.

-> **NOTE:** Available in v1.90.0+

## Example Usage

```typescript
import * as constructs from "constructs";
import * as cdktf from "cdktf";
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as alicloud from "./.gen/providers/alicloud";
class MyConvertedCode extends cdktf.TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: constructs.Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    const dataAlicloudCrEeSyncRulesMySyncRules =
      new alicloud.dataAlicloudCrEeSyncRules.DataAlicloudCrEeSyncRules(
        this,
        "my_sync_rules",
        {
          instanceId: "cri-xxx",
          nameRegex: "test-rule",
          namespaceName: "test-namespace",
          repoName: "test-repo",
          targetInstanceId: "cri-yyy",
        }
      );
    new cdktf.TerraformOutput(this, "output", {
      value: cdktf.propertyAccess(dataAlicloudCrEeSyncRulesMySyncRules.rules, [
        "*",
        "id",
      ]),
    });
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `instanceId` - (Required) ID of Container Registry Enterprise Edition local instance.
* `namespaceName` - (Optional) Name of Container Registry Enterprise Edition local namespace.
* `repoName` - (Optional) Name of Container Registry Enterprise Edition local repo.
* `targetInstanceId` - (Optional) ID of Container Registry Enterprise Edition target instance.
* `nameRegex` - (Optional) A regex string to filter results by sync rule name.
* `ids` - (Optional) A list of ids to filter results by sync rule id.
* `outputFile` - (Optional) File name where to save data source results (after running `terraform plan`).

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported in addition to the arguments listed above:

* `ids` - A list of matched Container Registry Enterprise Edition sync rules. Its element is a sync rule uuid.
* `names` - A list of sync rule names.
* `rules` - A list of matched Container Registry Enterprise Edition sync rules. Each element contains the following attributes:
  * `id` - ID of Container Registry Enterprise Edition sync rule.
  * `name` - Name of Container Registry Enterprise Edition sync rule.
  * `regionId` - Region of Container Registry Enterprise Edition local instance.
  * `instanceId` - ID of Container Registry Enterprise Edition local instance.
  * `namespaceName` - Name of Container Registry Enterprise Edition local namespace.
  * `repoName` - Name of Container Registry Enterprise Edition local repo.
  * `targetRegionId` - Region of Container Registry Enterprise Edition target instance.
  * `targetInstanceId` - ID of Container Registry Enterprise Edition target instance.
  * `targetNamespaceName` - Name of Container Registry Enterprise Edition target namespace.
  * `targetRepoName` - Name of Container Registry Enterprise Edition target repo.
  * `tagFilter` - The regular expression used to filter image tags for synchronization in the source repository.
  * `syncDirection` - `from` or `to`, the direction of synchronization. `from` indicates that the local instance is the source instance. `to` indicates that the local instance is the target instance to be synchronized.
  * `syncScope` - `repo` or `namespace`,the scope that the synchronization rule applies.
  * `syncTrigger` - `passive` or `initiative`, the policy configured to trigger the synchronization rule.

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-a490b9be4f2d7f75f11a200cc7ecc34d2845cb27c2537109575bfd375596c084 -->