---
subcategory: "Container Registry (CR)"
layout: "alicloud"
page_title: "Alicloud: alicloud_cr_repos"
sidebar_current: "docs-alicloud-datasource-cr-repos"
description: |-
  Provides a list of Container Registry repositories.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# alicloud\_cr\_repos

This data source provides a list Container Registry repositories on Alibaba Cloud.

-> **NOTE:** Available in v1.35.0+

## Example Usage

```typescript
import * as constructs from "constructs";
import * as cdktf from "cdktf";
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as alicloud from "./.gen/providers/alicloud";
class MyConvertedCode extends cdktf.TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: constructs.Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    const dataAlicloudCrReposMyRepos =
      new alicloud.dataAlicloudCrRepos.DataAlicloudCrRepos(this, "my_repos", {
        nameRegex: "my-repos",
        outputFile: "my-repo-json",
      });
    new cdktf.TerraformOutput(this, "output", {
      value: dataAlicloudCrReposMyRepos.repos,
    });
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `namespace` - (Optional) Name of container registry namespace where the repositories are located in.
* `nameRegex` - (Optional) A regex string to filter results by repository name.
* `outputFile` - (Optional) File name where to save data source results (after running `terraform plan`).
* `enableDetails` - (Optional) Boolean, false by default, only repository attributes are exported. Set to true if domain list and tags belong to this repository are needed. See `tags` in attributes.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported in addition to the arguments listed above:

* `ids` - A list of matched Container Registry Repositories. Its element is set to `names`.
* `names` - A list of repository names.
* `repos` - A list of matched Container Registry Namespaces. Each element contains the following attributes:
  * `namespace` - Name of container registry namespace where repo is located.
  * `name` - Name of container registry namespace.
  * `summary` - The repository general information.
  * `repoType` - `public` or `private`, repository's visibility.
  * `domainList` - The repository domain list.
    * `public` - Domain of public endpoint.
    * `internal` - Domain of internal endpoint, only in some regions.
    * `vpc` - Domain of vpc endpoint.
  * `tags` - A list of image tags belong to this repository. Each contains several attributes, see `Block Tag`.

### Block Tag

* `tag` - Tag of this image.
* `imageId` - Id of this image.
* `digest` - Digest of this image.
* `status` - Status of this image.
* `imageSize` - Status of this image, in bytes.
* `imageUpdate` - Last update time of this image, unix time in nanoseconds.
* `imageCreate` - Create time of this image, unix time in nanoseconds.


<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-5d6d1522152fcaedf97fecd74cc063fa17b368cd7f69e245a0399c6831cfe8b5 -->