---
subcategory: "Container Service for Kubernetes (ACK)"
layout: "alicloud"
page_title: "Alicloud: alicloud_cs_kubernetes_clusters"
sidebar_current: "docs-alicloud-datasource-cs-kubernetes-clusters"
description: |-
  Provides a list of Container Service Kubernetes Clusters to be used by the alicloud_cs_kubernetes_clusters resource.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# alicloud\_cs\_kubernetes\_clusters

This data source provides a list Container Service Kubernetes Clusters on Alibaba Cloud.

-> **NOTE:** Available in v1.34.0+.

-> **NOTE:** From version 1.177.0+, We supported batch export of clusters' kube config information by `kubeConfigFilePrefix`.

## Example Usage

```typescript
import * as constructs from "constructs";
import * as cdktf from "cdktf";
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as alicloud from "./.gen/providers/alicloud";
class MyConvertedCode extends cdktf.TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: constructs.Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    const dataAlicloudCsKubernetesClustersK8SClusters =
      new alicloud.dataAlicloudCsKubernetesClusters.DataAlicloudCsKubernetesClusters(
        this,
        "k8s_clusters",
        {
          kubeConfigFilePrefix: "~/.kube/k8s",
          nameRegex: "my-first-k8s",
          outputFile: "my-first-k8s-json",
        }
      );
    new cdktf.TerraformOutput(this, "output", {
      value: dataAlicloudCsKubernetesClustersK8SClusters.clusters,
    });
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `ids` - (Optional) Cluster IDs to filter.
* `nameRegex` - (Optional) A regex string to filter results by cluster name.
* `outputFile` - (Optional) File name where to save data source results (after running `terraform plan`).
* `enabledDetails` - (Optional) Boolean, false by default, only `id` and `name` are exported. Set to true if more details are needed, e.g., `masterDiskCategory`, `slbInternetEnabled`, `connections`. See full list in attributes.
* `kubeConfigFilePrefix` - (Optional, Available in 1.177.0+) The path prefix of kube config. You could store kube config in a specified directory by specifying this field, like `~/Kube/k8S`, then it will be named with `~/Kube/k8SClusterIdKubeconfig`. From version 1.187.0+, kube_config will not export kube_config if this field is not set.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported in addition to the arguments listed above:

* `ids` - A list of matched Kubernetes clusters' ids.
* `names` - A list of matched Kubernetes clusters' names.
* `clusters` - A list of matched Kubernetes clusters. Each element contains the following attributes:
  * `id` - The ID of the container cluster.
  * `name` - The name of the container cluster.
  * `availabilityZone` - The ID of availability zone.
  * `keyName` - The keypair of ssh login cluster node, you have to create it first.
  * `workerNumbers` - The ECS instance node number in the current container cluster.
  * `vswitchIds` - The ID of VSwitches where the current cluster is located.
  * `vpcId` - The ID of VPC where the current cluster is located.
  * `slbInternetEnabled` - Whether internet load balancer for API Server is created
  * `securityGroupId` - The ID of security group where the current cluster worker node is located.
  * `imageId` - The ID of node image.
  * `natGatewayId` - The ID of nat gateway used to launch kubernetes cluster.
  * `masterInstanceTypes` - The instance type of master node.
  * `workerInstanceTypes` - The instance type of worker node.
  * `masterDiskCategory` - The system disk category of master node.
  * `masterDiskSize` - The system disk size of master node.
  * `workerDiskCategory` - The system disk category of worker node.
  * `workerDiskSize` - The system disk size of worker node.
  * `workerDataDiskCategory` - The data disk size of worker node.
  * `workerDataDiskSize` - The data disk category of worker node.
  * `masterNodes` - List of cluster master nodes. It contains several attributes to `Block Nodes`.
  * `workerNodes` - List of cluster worker nodes. It contains several attributes to `Block Nodes`.
  * `connections` - Map of kubernetes cluster connection information. It contains several attributes to `Block Connections`.
  * `nodeCidrMask` - The network mask used on pods for each node.
  * `logConfig` - A list of one element containing information about the associated log store. It contains the following attributes:
    * `type` - Type of collecting logs.
    * `project` - Log Service project name.
  * `resourceGroupId` - (Optional, ForceNew, Available in 1.101.0+) The ID of the resource group,by default these cloud resources are automatically assigned to the default resource group.

### Block Nodes

* `id` - ID of the node.
* `name` - Node name.
* `privateIp` - The private IP address of node.
* `role` - (Deprecated from version 1.9.4)

### Block Connections

* `apiServerInternet` - API Server Internet endpoint.
* `apiServerIntranet` - API Server Intranet endpoint.
* `masterPublicIp` - Master node SSH IP address.
* `serviceDomain` - Service Access Domain.

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-0814e96361c1d2794bc33e6f4af75e005d68fbb78199761dd4aed1bb113db1ea -->