---
subcategory: "RDS"
layout: "alicloud"
page_title: "Alicloud: alicloud_db_instance_classes"
sidebar_current: "docs-alicloud-datasource-db-instance-classes"
description: |-
    Provides a list of RDS instacne classes info.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# alicloud\_db\_instance\_classes

This data source provides the RDS instance classes resource available info of Alibaba Cloud.

-> **NOTE:** Available in v1.46.0+

## Example Usage

```typescript
import * as constructs from "constructs";
import * as cdktf from "cdktf";
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as alicloud from "./.gen/providers/alicloud";
class MyConvertedCode extends cdktf.TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: constructs.Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    const dataAlicloudDbInstanceClassesResources =
      new alicloud.dataAlicloudDbInstanceClasses.DataAlicloudDbInstanceClasses(
        this,
        "resources",
        {
          engine: "MySQL",
          engineVersion: "5.6",
          instanceChargeType: "PostPaid",
          outputFile: "./classes.txt",
        }
      );
    new cdktf.TerraformOutput(this, "first_db_instance_class", {
      value: cdktf.propertyAccess(
        dataAlicloudDbInstanceClassesResources.instanceClasses,
        ["0", "instance_class"]
      ),
    });
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `zoneId` - (Optional) The Zone to launch the DB instance.
* `instanceChargeType` - (Optional) Filter the results by charge type. Valid values: `prePaid` and `postPaid` and `serverless`. Default to `postPaid`.
* `engine` - (Optional) Database type. Valid values:"MySQL", "SQLServer", "PostgreSQL", "MariaDB". If not set, it will match all of engines.
* `category` - (Optional) DB Instance category. the value like [`basic`, `highAvailability`, `finance`, `alwaysOn`, `serverlessBasic`, `serverlessStandard`, `serverlessHa`, `cluster`], [detail info](https://www.alibabacloud.com/help/doc-detail/69795.htm).
* `engineVersion` - (Optional) Database version required by the user. Value options can refer to the latest docs [detail info](https://www.alibabacloud.com/help/doc-detail/26228.htm) `engineVersion`.
* `dbInstanceClass` - (Optional, Available in 1.51.0+) The DB instance class type by the user.
* `storageType` - (Optional) It has been deprecated from version 1.134.0+ and using `dbInstanceStorageType` instead.
* `dbInstanceStorageType` - (Optional, Available in 1.134.0+) The DB instance storage space required by the user. Valid values: "cloud_ssd", "local_ssd", "cloud_essd", "cloud_essd2", "cloud_essd3".
* `commodityCode` - (Optional, Available in 1.166.0+) The commodity code of the instance. Valid values:
  * **bards**: The instance is a pay-as-you-go primary instance. This value is available on the China site (aliyun.com).
  * **rds**: The instance is a subscription primary instance. This value is available on the China site (aliyun.com).
  * **rords**: The instance is a pay-as-you-go read-only instance. This value is available on the China site (aliyun.com).
  * **rds_rordspre_public_cn**: The instance is a subscription read-only instance. This value is available on the China site (aliyun.com).
  * **bards_intl**: The instance is a pay-as-you-go primary instance. This value is available on the International site (alibabacloud.com).
  * **rds_intl**: The instance is a subscription primary instance. This value is available on the International site (alibabacloud.com).
  * **rords_intl**: The instance is a pay-as-you-go read-only instance. This value is available on the International site (alibabacloud.com).
  * **rds_rordspre_public_intl**: The instance is a subscription read-only instance. This value is available on the International site (alibabacloud.com).
  * **rds_serverless_public_cn**: The instance is a subscription serverless instance. This value is available on the China site (aliyun.com).
  * **rds_serverless_public_intl**: The instance is a subscription serverless instance. This value is available on the International site (alibabacloud.com).

-> **NOTE**: The field `dbInstanceId` will be ignored when `commodityCode` is not a read-only type.
* `dbInstanceId` - (Optional, Available in v1.166.0+) The ID of the instance.

-> **NOTE**: The field `dbInstanceId` will be ignored when `commodityCode` is not a read-only type.
* `multiZone` - (Optional, Available in v1.48.0+) Whether to show multi available zone. Default false to not show multi availability zone.
* `outputFile` - (Optional) File name where to save data source results (after running `terraform apply`).

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported in addition to the arguments listed above:

* `ids` - (Available in 1.60.0+) A list of Rds instance class codes.
* `instanceClasses` - A list of Rds available resource. Each element contains the following attributes:
  * `zoneIds` - A list of Zone to launch the DB instance.
    * `id` - The Zone to launch the DB instance
    * `subZoneIds` - A list of sub zone ids which in the id - e.g If `id` is `cnBeijingMaz5(a,b)`, `subZoneIds` will be `["cn-beijing-a", "cn-beijing-b"]`.
  * `instanceClass` - DB Instance available class.
  * `storageRange` - DB Instance available storage range.
    * `min` - DB Instance available storage min value.
    * `max` - DB Instance available storage max value.
    * `step` - DB Instance available storage increase step.
    

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-0e970be86ad98637bc0d3e31b434e50f7fba378c4b45245aca37bfe0cd81a05c -->