---
subcategory: "RDS"
layout: "alicloud"
page_title: "Alicloud: alicloud_db_zones"
sidebar_current: "docs-alicloud-datasource-db-zones"
description: |-
    Provides a list of availability zones for RDS that can be used by an Alibaba Cloud account.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# alicloud\_db\_zones

This data source provides availability zones for RDS that can be accessed by an Alibaba Cloud account within the region configured in the provider.

-> **NOTE:** Available in v1.73.0+.

## Example Usage

```
# Declare the data source
data "alicloud_db_zones" "zones_ids" {}

# Create an RDS instance with the first matched zone
resource "alicloud_db_instance" "db" {
    zone_id = ${data.alicloud_db_zones.zones_ids.zones.0.id}

  # Other properties...
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `multi` - (Deprecated) It has been deprecated from version 1.137.0 and using `multiZone` instead.
* `multiZone` - (Optional, Available in 1.137.0+) Indicate whether the zones can be used in a multi AZ configuration. Default to `false`. Multi AZ is usually used to launch RDS instances.
* `instanceChargeType` - (Optional) Filter the results by a specific instance charge type. Valid values: `prePaid` and `postPaid` and `serverless`. Default to `postPaid`.
* `engine` - (Optional, Available in 1.134.0+) Database type. Valid values: "MySQL", "SQLServer", "PostgreSQL", "MariaDB". If not set, it will match all of engines.
* `engineVersion` - (Optional, Available in 1.134.0+) Database version required by the user. Value options can refer to the latest docs [detail info](https://www.alibabacloud.com/help/doc-detail/26228.htm) `engineVersion`.
* `category` - (Optional, Available in 1.134.0+) DB Instance category. the value like [`basic`, `highAvailability`, `finance`, `alwaysOn`, `serverlessBasic`, `serverlessStandard`, `serverlessHa`, `cluster`], [detail info](https://www.alibabacloud.com/help/doc-detail/69795.htm).
* `dbInstanceStorageType` - (Optional, Available in 1.134.0+) The DB instance storage space required by the user. Valid values: "cloud_ssd", "local_ssd", "cloud_essd", "cloud_essd2", "cloud_essd3".
* `outputFile` - (Optional) File name where to save data source results (after running `terraform plan`).

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported in addition to the arguments listed above:

* `ids` - A list of zone IDs.
* `zones` - A list of availability zones. Each element contains the following attributes:
  * `id` - ID of the zone.
  * `multiZoneIds` - A list of zone ids in which the multi zone.

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-a20d4b101b673ec54e0ebf0d0f0bbfa8006d0924fa494582efc29d29b71a2122 -->