---
subcategory: "Database File System (DBFS)"
layout: "alicloud"
page_title: "Alicloud: alicloud_dbfs_auto_snap_shot_policies"
sidebar_current: "docs-alicloud-datasource-dbfs-auto-snap-shot-policies"
description: |-
  Provides a list of Dbfs Auto Snap Shot Policy owned by an Alibaba Cloud account.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# alicloud_dbfs_auto_snap_shot_policies

This data source provides Dbfs Auto Snap Shot Policy available to the user.[What is Auto Snap Shot Policy](https://help.aliyun.com/document_detail/469597.html)

-> **NOTE:** Available in 1.202.0+

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "alicloud_dbfs_auto_snap_shot_policies" "default" {
  ids = ["${alicloud_dbfs_auto_snap_shot_policy.default.id}"]
}

output "alicloud_dbfs_auto_snap_shot_policy_example_id" {
  value = data.alicloud_dbfs_auto_snap_shot_policies.default.auto_snap_shot_policies.0.id
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:
* `ids` - (Optional, ForceNew, Computed) A list of Auto Snap Shot Policy IDs.
* `nameRegex` - (Optional, ForceNew) A regex string to filter results by Auto Snap Shot Policy name.
* `outputFile` - (Optional) File name where to save data source results (after running `terraform plan`).


## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported in addition to the arguments listed above:
* `ids` - A list of Auto Snap Shot Policy IDs.
* `names` - A list of Auto Snap Shot Policy names.
* `autoSnapShotPolicies` - A list of Auto Snap Shot Policy Entries. Each element contains the following attributes:
  * `appliedDbfsNumber` - The number of database file systems set by the automatic snapshot policy.
  * `createTime` - The creation time of the resource
  * `lastModified` - Last modification time of automatic snapshot policy
  * `policyId` - Automatic snapshot policy ID
  * `id` - The ID of the policy.
  * `policyName` - Automatic snapshot policy name
  * `repeatWeekdays` - A collection of automatic snapshots performed on several days of the week.
  * `retentionDays` - Automatic snapshot retention days
  * `status` - Automatic snapshot policy status
  * `statusDetail` - Automatic snapshot policy status details
  * `timePoints` - The set of times at which the snapshot is taken on the day the automatic snapshot is executed.

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-aa0aa25f16958a57dbd270a2b716a9574e4899988a68b9c747a35c305749bad1 -->