---
subcategory: "Database Backup(DBS)"
layout: "alicloud"
page_title: "Alicloud: alicloud_dbs_backup_plans"
sidebar_current: "docs-alicloud-datasource-dbs-backup-plans"
description: |-
  Provides a list of Dbs Backup Plans to the user.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# alicloud\_dbs\_backup\_plans

This data source provides the Dbs Backup Plans of the current Alibaba Cloud user.

-> **NOTE:** Available in v1.185.0+.

## Example Usage

Basic Usage

```typescript
import * as constructs from "constructs";
import * as cdktf from "cdktf";
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as alicloud from "./.gen/providers/alicloud";
class MyConvertedCode extends cdktf.TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: constructs.Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    const dataAlicloudDbsBackupPlansIds =
      new alicloud.dataAlicloudDbsBackupPlans.DataAlicloudDbsBackupPlans(
        this,
        "ids",
        {}
      );
    const dataAlicloudDbsBackupPlansNameRegex =
      new alicloud.dataAlicloudDbsBackupPlans.DataAlicloudDbsBackupPlans(
        this,
        "nameRegex",
        {
          nameRegex: "^my-BackupPlan",
        }
      );
    new cdktf.TerraformOutput(this, "dbs_backup_plan_id_1", {
      value: cdktf.propertyAccess(dataAlicloudDbsBackupPlansIds.plans, [
        "0",
        "id",
      ]),
    });
    new cdktf.TerraformOutput(this, "dbs_backup_plan_id_2", {
      value: cdktf.propertyAccess(dataAlicloudDbsBackupPlansNameRegex.plans, [
        "0",
        "id",
      ]),
    });
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `backupPlanName` - (Optional, ForceNew) The name of the resource.
* `enableDetails` - (Optional) Default to `true`. Set it to `false` can hide the `paymentType` to output.
* `ids` - (Optional, ForceNew, Computed) A list of Backup Plan IDs.
* `nameRegex` - (Optional, ForceNew) A regex string to filter results by Backup Plan name.
* `outputFile` - (Optional) File name where to save data source results (after running `terraform plan`).
* `status` - (Optional, ForceNew) The status of the resource. Valid values: `checkPass`, `init`, `locked`, `pause`, `running`, `stop`, `wait`.

## Argument Reference

The following attributes are exported in addition to the arguments listed above:

* `names` - A list of Backup Plan names.
* `plans` - A list of Dbs Backup Plans. Each element contains the following attributes:
	* `backupGatewayId` - The ID of the backup gateway.
	* `backupMethod` - The Backup method.
	* `backupObjects` - The backup object.
	* `backupPeriod` - Full backup cycle.
	* `backupPlanId` - The first ID of the resource.
	* `backupPlanName` - The name of the resource.
	* `backupRetentionPeriod` - The retention time of backup data.
	* `backupStartTime` - The start time of full Backup. 
	* `backupStorageType` - Built-in storage type.
	* `crossAliyunId` - The UID that is backed up across Alibaba cloud accounts.
	* `crossRoleName` - The name of the RAM role that is backed up across Alibaba cloud accounts.
	* `databaseType` - The database type.
	* `duplicationArchivePeriod` - The storage time for conversion to archive cold standby is 365 days by default.
	* `duplicationInfrequentAccessPeriod` - The storage time is converted to low-frequency access. The default time is 180 days.
	* `enableBackupLog` - Whether to enable incremental log Backup.
	* `id` - The ID of the Backup Plan.
	* `instanceClass` - The Instance class.
	* `ossBucketName` - The OSS Bucket name.
	* `paymentType` - The payment type of the resource.
	* `resourceGroupId` - The ID of the resource group.
	* `sourceEndpointDatabaseName` - The name of the database.
	* `sourceEndpointInstanceId` - The ID of the database instance.
	* `sourceEndpointInstanceType` - The location of the database.
	* `sourceEndpointRegion` - The region of the database.
	* `sourceEndpointSid` - The Oracle SID name.
	* `sourceEndpointUserName` - The source endpoint username.
	* `status` - The status of the resource.
<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-74f6e47e0d038ac06bdebb32ebd9091272ff832225fa2d1818e88c7203a95ca2 -->