---
subcategory: "DCDN"
layout: "alicloud"
page_title: "Alicloud: alicloud_dcdn_domains"
sidebar_current: "docs-alicloud-dcdn-domains"
description: |-
  Provides a collection of DCDN Domains to the specified filters.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# alicloud\_dcdn\_domains

Provides a collection of DCDN Domains to the specified filters.

~> **NOTE:** Available in 1.94.0+.

## Example Usage

 ```typescript
import * as constructs from "constructs";
import * as cdktf from "cdktf";
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as alicloud from "./.gen/providers/alicloud";
class MyConvertedCode extends cdktf.TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: constructs.Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    const dataAlicloudDcdnDomainsExample =
      new alicloud.dataAlicloudDcdnDomains.DataAlicloudDcdnDomains(
        this,
        "example",
        {
          ids: ["example.com"],
        }
      );
    new cdktf.TerraformOutput(this, "domain_id", {
      value: cdktf.propertyAccess(dataAlicloudDcdnDomainsExample.domains, [
        "0",
        "id",
      ]),
    });
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `ids` - (Optional) A list ids of DCDN Domain.
* `nameRegex` - (Optional) A regex string to filter results by the DCDN Domain.
* `changeEndTime` - (Optional) The end time of the update. Specify the time in the ISO 8601 standard in the `yyyyMmDdThh:mm:ssZ` format. The time must be in UTC.
* `changeStartTime` - (Optional) The start time of the update. Specify the time in the ISO 8601 standard in the `yyyyMmDdThh:mm:ssZ` format. The time must be in UTC.
* `checkDomainShow` - (Optional) Specifies whether to display the domains in the checking, check_failed, or configure_failed status. Valid values: `true` or `false`.
* `domainSearchType` - (Optional) The search method. Default value: `fuzzyMatch`. Valid values: `fuzzyMatch`, `preMatch`, `sufMatch`, `fullMatch`.
* `resourceGroupId` - (Optional) The ID of the resource group.
* `status` - (Optional) The status of DCDN Domain.
* `enableDetails` - (Optional) Default to `false`. Set it to true can output more details.
* `outputFile` - (Optional) File name where to save data source results (after running `terraform plan`).

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported in addition to the arguments listed above:

 * `ids` - A list ids of DCDN Domain.
 * `names` - A list of DCDN Domain names.
 * `domains` - A list of domains. Each element contains the following attributes:
   * `id` - The ID of the DCDN Domain.
   * `certName` - Indicates the name of the certificate.
   * `resourceGroupId` - The ID of the resource group.
   * `domainName` - The name of the DCDN Domain.
   * `sslProtocol` - Indicates whether the SSL certificate is enabled.
   * `sslPub` -  Indicates the public key of the certificate.
   * `scope` - The acceleration region.
   * `status` - The status of DCDN Domain. Valid values: `online`, `offline`, `checkFailed`, `checking`, `configureFailed`, `configuring`.
   * `cname` - The canonical name (CNAME) of the accelerated domain.
   * `description` - The reason that causes the review failure.
   * `gmtModified` - The time when the accelerated domain was last modified.
   * `sources` - The origin information.
     * `content` - The origin address.
     * `type` - The type of the origin. Valid values:
     * `port` - The port number.
     * `priority` - The priority of the origin if multiple origins are specified.
     * `weight` - The weight of the origin if multiple origins are specified.
     * `enabled` - The status of the origin.

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-c6128bf6fd6b7d89637c0d2d13e7feafda9a7b75bead7b347b66224089546057 -->