---
subcategory: "DMS Enterprise"
layout: "alicloud"
page_title: "Alicloud: alicloud_dms_enterprise_proxies"
sidebar_current: "docs-alicloud-datasource-dms-enterprise-proxies"
description: |-
  Provides a list of Dms Enterprise Proxies to the user.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# alicloud\_dms\_enterprise\_proxies

This data source provides the Dms Enterprise Proxies of the current Alibaba Cloud user.

-> **NOTE:** Available in v1.188.0+.

## Example Usage

Basic Usage

```typescript
import * as constructs from "constructs";
import * as cdktf from "cdktf";
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as alicloud from "./.gen/providers/alicloud";
class MyConvertedCode extends cdktf.TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: constructs.Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    const dataAlicloudDmsEnterpriseProxiesIds =
      new alicloud.dataAlicloudDmsEnterpriseProxies.DataAlicloudDmsEnterpriseProxies(
        this,
        "ids",
        {}
      );
    new cdktf.TerraformOutput(this, "dms_enterprise_proxy_id_1", {
      value: cdktf.propertyAccess(dataAlicloudDmsEnterpriseProxiesIds.proxies, [
        "0",
        "id",
      ]),
    });
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `ids` - (Optional, ForceNew, Computed)  A list of Proxy IDs.
* `outputFile` - (Optional) File name where to save data source results (after running `terraform plan`).
* `tid` - (Optional, ForceNew) The ID of the tenant.

## Argument Reference

The following attributes are exported in addition to the arguments listed above:

* `proxies` - A list of Dms Enterprise Proxies. Each element contains the following attributes:
	* `creatorId` - The ID of the user who enabled the secure access proxy feature.
	* `creatorName` - The nickname of the user who enabled the secure access proxy feature.
	* `httpsPort` - The port that was used by HTTPS clients to connect to the database instance.
	* `id` - The ID of the Proxy.
	* `instanceId` - The ID of the database instance.
	* `privateEnable` - Indicates whether the internal endpoint is enabled. Default value: true.
	* `privateHost` - The internal endpoint.
	* `protocolPort` - Database protocol connection port number.
	* `protocolType` - Database protocol type, for example, MYSQL.
	* `proxyId` - The ID of the secure access proxy.
	* `publicEnable` - Indicates whether the public endpoint is enabled.
	* `publicHost` - The public endpoint. A public endpoint is returned no matter whether the public endpoint is enabled or disabled. **Note:** When the public network address is in the **true** state, the returned public network address is a valid address with DNS resolution capability. When the public address is in the **false** state, the returned Public address is an invalid address without DNS resolution.
<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-633d475744ad2188957f0d492389dd463c2f89cb74536220e95ae26d9fabea3a -->