---
subcategory: "Data Transmission Service (DTS)"
layout: "alicloud"
page_title: "Alicloud: alicloud_dts_migration_jobs"
sidebar_current: "docs-alicloud-datasource-dts-migration-jobs"
description: |-
  Provides a list of Dts Migration Jobs to the user.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# alicloud\_dts\_migration\_jobs

This data source provides the Dts Migration Jobs of the current Alibaba Cloud user.

-> **NOTE:** Available in v1.157.0+.

## Example Usage

Basic Usage

```typescript
import * as constructs from "constructs";
import * as cdktf from "cdktf";
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as alicloud from "./.gen/providers/alicloud";
class MyConvertedCode extends cdktf.TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: constructs.Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    const dataAlicloudDtsMigrationJobsIds =
      new alicloud.dataAlicloudDtsMigrationJobs.DataAlicloudDtsMigrationJobs(
        this,
        "ids",
        {
          ids: ["dts_job_id"],
        }
      );
    new cdktf.TerraformOutput(this, "dts_migration_job_id_1", {
      value: cdktf.propertyAccess(dataAlicloudDtsMigrationJobsIds.jobs, [
        "0",
        "id",
      ]),
    });
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `enableDetails` - (Optional) Default to `false`. Set it to `true` can output more details about resource attributes.
* `ids` - (Optional, ForceNew, Computed)  A list of Synchronization Job IDs.
* `nameRegex` - A regex string to filter results by Migration Job name.
* `outputFile` - (Optional) File name where to save data source results (after running `terraform plan`).

## Argument Reference

The following attributes are exported in addition to the arguments listed above:

* `names` - A list of Migration Job names.
* `jobs` - A list of Dts Migration Jobs. Each element contains the following attributes:
    * `id` - The ID of the Migration Job. Its value is same as `dtsJobId`.
    * `dtsJobId` - The ID of the Migration Job.
    * `dtsJobName` - The name of synchronization job.
    * `dtsInstanceId` - The Migration instance ID. The ID of `alicloudDtsMigrationInstance`.
    * `dataInitialization` - Whether or not to execute DTS supports schema migration, full data migration, or full-data initialization.
    * `dataSynchronization` - Whether to perform incremental data migration for migration types or synchronization values include:
    * `structureInitialization` - Whether to perform a database table structure to migrate or initialization.
    * `dbList` - The Migration object, in the format of JSON strings.
    * `paymentType` - The payment type of the Migration Instance. 
    * `sourceEndpointInstanceType` - The type of source instance.
    * `sourceEndpointEngineName` - The type of source database. 
    * `sourceEndpointInstanceId` - The ID of source instance.
    * `sourceEndpointRegion` - The region of source instance.
    * `sourceEndpointIp` - The ip of source endpoint.
    * `sourceEndpointPort` - The port of source endpoint.
    * `sourceEndpointOracleSid` - The SID of Oracle database.
    * `sourceEndpointDatabaseName` - The name of migrate the database.
    * `sourceEndpointUserName` - The username of database account.
    * `sourceEndpointOwnerId` - The Alibaba Cloud account ID to which the source instance belongs.
    * `sourceEndpointRole` - The name of the role configured for the cloud account to which the source instance belongs.
    * `destinationEndpointInstanceType` - The type of destination instance. 
    * `destinationEndpointEngineName` - The type of destination database. 
    * `destinationEndpointInstanceId` - The ID of destination instance.
    * `destinationEndpointRegion` - The region of destination instance.
    * `destinationEndpointIp` - The ip of source endpoint.
    * `destinationEndpointPort` - The port of source endpoint.
    * `destinationEndpointDataBaseName` - The name of migrate the database.
    * `destinationEndpointUserName` - The username of database account.
    * `destinationEndpointOracleSid` - The SID of Oracle database.
    * `status` - The status of the resource. 
<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-bd35444e1d565cf148d0eac5c995e624633cbfd978c34f008cdad601cd343889 -->