---
subcategory: "Elastic Desktop Service (ECD)"
layout: "alicloud"
page_title: "Alicloud: alicloud_ecd_simple_office_sites"
sidebar_current: "docs-alicloud-datasource-ecd-simple-office-sites"
description: |-
  Provides a list of Ecd Simple Office Sites to the user.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# alicloud\_ecd\_simple\_office\_sites

This data source provides the Ecd Simple Office Sites of the current Alibaba Cloud user.

-> **NOTE:** Available in v1.140.0+.

## Example Usage

Basic Usage

```typescript
import * as constructs from "constructs";
import * as cdktf from "cdktf";
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as alicloud from "./.gen/providers/alicloud";
class MyConvertedCode extends cdktf.TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: constructs.Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    const dataAlicloudEcdSimpleOfficeSitesDefault =
      new alicloud.dataAlicloudEcdSimpleOfficeSites.DataAlicloudEcdSimpleOfficeSites(
        this,
        "default",
        {
          ids: ["example_id"],
          status: "REGISTERED",
        }
      );
    new cdktf.TerraformOutput(this, "desktop_access_type", {
      value: cdktf.propertyAccess(
        dataAlicloudEcdSimpleOfficeSitesDefault.sites,
        ["0", "desktop_access_type"]
      ),
    });
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `ids` - (Optional, ForceNew, Computed)  A list of Simple Office Site IDs.
* `nameRegex` - (Optional, ForceNew) A regex string to filter results by Simple Office Site name.
* `outputFile` - (Optional) File name where to save data source results (after running `terraform plan`).
* `status` - (Optional, ForceNew) Workspace State. Valid values: `registered`,`registering`. 

## Argument Reference

The following attributes are exported in addition to the arguments listed above:

* `names` - A list of Simple Office Site names.
* `sites` - A list of Ecd Simple Office Sites. Each element contains the following attributes:
	* `bandwidth` - (Deprecated from 1.142.0) The Internet Bandwidth Peak. It has been deprecated from version 1.142.0 and can be found in the new datasource alicloud_ecd_network_packages.
	* `cenId` - Cloud Enterprise Network Instance Id.
	* `cidrBlock` - Workspace Corresponds to the Security Office Network of IPv4 Segment.
	* `createTime` - Workspace Creation Time.
	* `customSecurityGroupId` - Security Group ID.
	* `desktopAccessType` - Connect to the Cloud Desktop Allows the Use of the Access Mode of. Possible Values: the Internet: Only Allows the Client to Public Cloud Desktop. Virtual Private Cloud (VPC): Only Allows in the Virtual Private Cloud (VPC) in the Client to Connect to the Cloud Desktop. Any: Not by Way of Limitation. Use Client to Connect to the Cloud Desktop When It Is Possible to Choose the Connection.
	* `desktopVpcEndpoint` - The Desktop Vpc Endpoint.
	* `dnsAddress` - Enterprise Ad Corresponding DNS Address.
	* `dnsUserName` - Easy-to-Use DNS Name.
	* `domainName` - Enterprise of Ad Domain Name.
	* `domainPassword` - Domain of the User Who Will Administer This Target Application Password.
	* `domainUserName` - The Domain Administrator's Username.
	* `enableAdminAccess` - Whether to Use Cloud Desktop User Empowerment of Local Administrator Permissions.
	* `enableCrossDesktopAccess` - Enable Cross-Desktop Access.
	* `enableInternetAccess` - (Deprecated from 1.142.0) Whether the Open Internet Access Function.	
	* `fileSystemIds` - NAS File System ID.
	* `id` - The ID of the Simple Office Site.
	* `mfaEnabled` - Whether to Enable Multi-Factor Authentication MFA.
	* `networkPackageId` - Internet Access ID.
	* `officeSiteId` - The Workspace ID.
	* `officeSiteType` - Workspace Account System Type. Possible Values: Simple: Convenient Account. AD_CONNECTOR: Enterprise Ad Account.
	* `simpleOfficeSiteName` - The simple office site name.
	* `ssoEnabled` - Whether to Enable Single Sign-on (SSO) for User-Based SSO.
	* `ssoStatus` - Whether to Enable Single Sign-on (SSO) for User-Based SSO.
	* `status` - Workspace State. Possible Values: Registering: Registered in the Registered: Registered.
	* `subDnsAddress` - AD Subdomain of the DNS Address.
	* `subDomainName` - AD Domain DNS Name.
	* `trustPassword` - AD Trust Password.
	* `users` - AD User Name Array.
	* `vpcId` - Security Office VPC ID.
	* `vswitchIds` - The vswitch ids.

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-cc8e07eb3289891864c47ca75de304ee206e5def8ef627644ab06701cac9f2f2 -->