---
subcategory: "ECS"
layout: "alicloud"
page_title: "Alicloud: alicloud_ecs_network_interfaces"
sidebar_current: "docs-alicloud-datasource-ecs-network-interfaces"
description: |-
  Provides a list of Ecs Network Interfaces to the user.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# alicloud\_ecs\_network\_interfaces

This data source provides the Ecs Network Interfaces of the current Alibaba Cloud user.

-> **NOTE:** Available in v1.123.1+.

## Example Usage

Basic Usage

```typescript
import * as constructs from "constructs";
import * as cdktf from "cdktf";
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as alicloud from "./.gen/providers/alicloud";
class MyConvertedCode extends cdktf.TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: constructs.Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    const dataAlicloudEcsNetworkInterfacesExample =
      new alicloud.dataAlicloudEcsNetworkInterfaces.DataAlicloudEcsNetworkInterfaces(
        this,
        "example",
        {
          ids: ["eni-abcd1234"],
          nameRegex: "tf-testAcc",
        }
      );
    new cdktf.TerraformOutput(this, "first_ecs_network_interface_id", {
      value: cdktf.propertyAccess(
        dataAlicloudEcsNetworkInterfacesExample.interfaces,
        ["0", "id"]
      ),
    });
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `ids` - (Optional, ForceNew, Computed)  A list of Network Interface IDs.
* `instanceId` - (Optional, ForceNew) The instance id.
* `name` - (Optional, ForceNew, Deprecated in v1.123.1+) Field `name` has been deprecated from provider version 1.123.1. New field `networkInterfaceName` instead
* `nameRegex` - (Optional, ForceNew) A regex string to filter results by Network Interface name.
* `networkInterfaceName` - (Optional, ForceNew) The network interface name.
* `outputFile` - (Optional) File name where to save data source results (after running `terraform plan`).
* `primaryIpAddress` - (Optional, ForceNew) The primary private IP address of the ENI.
* `privateIp` - (Optional, ForceNew, Deprecated in v1.123.1+) Field `privateIp` has been deprecated from provider version 1.123.1. New field `primaryIpAddress` instead
* `resourceGroupId` - (Optional, ForceNew) The resource group id.
* `securityGroupId` - (Optional, ForceNew) The security group id.
* `serviceManaged` - (Optional, ForceNew) Whether the user of the elastic network card is a cloud product or a virtual vendor.
* `status` - (Optional, ForceNew) The status of ENI. Valid Values: `attaching`, `available`, `createFailed`, `creating`, `deleting`, `detaching`, `inUse`, `linked`, `linking`, `unlinking`.
* `type` - (Optional, ForceNew) The type of ENI. Valid Values: `primary`, `secondary`.
* `vpcId` - (Optional, ForceNew) The vpc id.
* `vswitchId` - (Optional, ForceNew) The vswitch id.
* `tags` - (Optional) A map of tags assigned to ENIs.

## Argument Reference

The following attributes are exported in addition to the arguments listed above:

* `names` - A list of Network Interface names.
* `interfaces` - A list of Ecs Network Interfaces. Each element contains the following attributes:
    * `creationTime` - The creation time.
    * `description` - The description of the ENI.
    * `id` - The ID of the Network Interface.
    * `instanceId` - The instance id.
    * `mac` - The MAC address of the ENI.
    * `name` - The network interface name.
    * `networkInterfaceId` - The network interface id.
    * `networkInterfaceName` - The network interface name.
    * `networkInterfaceTrafficMode` - The communication mode of the elastic network card.
    * `ownerId` - The ID of the account to which the ENIC belongs.
    * `primaryIpAddress` - The primary private IP address of the ENI. 
    * `privateIp` - The primary private IP address of the ENI.
    * `privateIpAddress` - A list of secondary private IP address that is assigned to the ENI.
    * `privateIps` - A list of secondary private IP address that is assigned to the ENI.
    * `queueNumber` - Number of network card queues.
    * `resourceGroupId` - The resource group id.
    * `securityGroupIds` - The security group ids.
    * `securityGroups` - The security groups.
    * `serviceManaged` - Whether the user of the elastic network card is a cloud product or a virtual vendor.
    * `serviceId` - The service id.
    * `status` - The status of the ENI.
    * `tags` - The tags.
        * `tagKey` - The tagKey.
        * `tagValue` - The tagValue.
    * `type` - The type of the ENI.
    * `vpcId` - The Vpc Id.
    * `vswitchId` - The vswitch id.
    * `zoneId` - The zone id.
    * `associatedPublicIp` - The EIP associated with the secondary private IP address of the ENI.  **NOTE:** Available in v1.163.0+.
      * `publicIpAddress` - The EIP of the ENI.

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-620f71eab2ee29c76587a2358d45216e16d14f7be4fd422e053374fcca7e973e -->