---
subcategory: "ECS"
layout: "alicloud"
page_title: "Alicloud: alicloud_ecs_dedicated_hosts"
sidebar_current: "docs-alicloud-datasource-ecs-dedicated-hosts"
description: |-
    Provides a list of available ECS Dedicated Hosts.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# alicloud\_ecs\_dedicated\_hosts

This data source provides a list of ECS Dedicated Hosts in an Alibaba Cloud account according to the specified filters.
 
-> **NOTE:** Available in v1.91.0+.

## Example Usage

```typescript
import * as constructs from "constructs";
import * as cdktf from "cdktf";
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as alicloud from "./.gen/providers/alicloud";
class MyConvertedCode extends cdktf.TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: constructs.Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    const dataAlicloudEcsDedicatedHostsDedicatedHostsDs =
      new alicloud.dataAlicloudEcsDedicatedHosts.DataAlicloudEcsDedicatedHosts(
        this,
        "dedicated_hosts_ds",
        {
          dedicatedHostType: "ddh.g5",
          nameRegex: "tf-testAcc",
          status: "Available",
        }
      );
    new cdktf.TerraformOutput(this, "first_dedicated_hosts_id", {
      value: cdktf.propertyAccess(
        dataAlicloudEcsDedicatedHostsDedicatedHostsDs.hosts,
        ["0", "id"]
      ),
    });
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `ids` - (Optional) A list of ECS Dedicated Host ids.
* `nameRegex` - (Optional) A regex string to filter results by the ECS Dedicated Host name.
* `dedicatedHostId` - (Optional) The ID of ECS Dedicated Host.
* `dedicatedHostName` - (Optional) The name of ECS Dedicated Host.
* `dedicatedHostType` - (Optional) The type of the dedicated host.
* `operationLocks` - (Optional, Available in 1.123.1+) The reason why the dedicated host resource is locked.
* `resourceGroupId` - (Optional) The ID of the resource group to which the ECS Dedicated Host belongs.
* `status` - (Optional) The status of the ECS Dedicated Host. validate value: `available`, `creating`, `permanentFailure`, `released`, `underAssessment`.
* `zoneId` - (Optional) The zone ID of the ECS Dedicated Host.
* `tags` - (Optional) A mapping of tags to assign to the resource.
* `outputFile` - (Optional) Save the result to the file.

#### Block operation_locks

The operation_locks supports the following: 

* `lockReason` - (Optional, ForceNew) The reason why the dedicated host resource is locked.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported in addition to the arguments listed above:

* `ids` -  A list of ECS Dedicated Host ids. 
* `names` -  A list of ECS Dedicated Host names.
* `hosts` - A list of ECS Dedicated Hosts. Each element contains the following attributes:
  * `id` - ID of the ECS Dedicated Host.
  * `actionOnMaintenance` - The policy used to migrate the instances from the dedicated host when the dedicated host fails or needs to be repaired online.
  * `autoPlacement` - Specifies whether to add the dedicated host to the resource pool for automatic deployment.
  * `autoReleaseTime` - The automatic release time of the dedicated host.
  * `cores` - A mapping of tags to assign to the resource.
  * `dedicatedHostId` - ID of the ECS Dedicated Host.
  * `dedicatedHostName` - The name of the dedicated host.
  * `dedicatedHostType` - The type of the dedicated host.
  * `description` - The description of the dedicated host.
  * `expiredTime` - The expiration time of the subscription dedicated host.
  * `gpuSpec` - The GPU model.
  * `machineId` - The machine code of the dedicated host.
  * `paymentType` - The billing method of the dedicated host.
  * `physicalGpus` - The number of physical GPUs.
  * `resourceGroupId` - The ID of the resource group to which the dedicated host belongs.
  * `saleCycle` - The unit of the subscription billing method.
  * `sockets` - The number of physical CPUs.
  * `status` - The service status of the dedicated host.
  * `supportedInstanceTypesList` - The list of ECS instance
  * `capacity` - (Available in 1.123.1+) A collection of proprietary host performance indicators.
    * `availableLocalStorage` - The remaining local disk capacity. Unit: GiB.
    * `availableMemory` - The remaining memory capacity, unit: GiB.
    * `availableVcpus` - The number of remaining vCPU cores.
    * `availableVgpus` - The number of available virtual GPUs.
    * `localStorageCategory` - Local disk type.
    * `totalLocalStorage` - The total capacity of the local disk, in GiB.
    * `totalMemory` - The total memory capacity, unit: GiB.
    * `totalVcpus` - The total number of vCPU cores.
    * `totalVgpus` - The total number of virtual GPUs.
  * `cpuOverCommitRatio` - (Available in 1.123.1+) CPU oversold ratio.
  * `networkAttributes` - dedicated host network parameters. contains the following attributes:
    * `slbUdpTimeout` - The timeout period for a UDP session between Server Load Balancer (SLB) and the dedicated host. Unit: seconds.
    * `udpTimeout` - (Available in 1.123.1+) The timeout period for a UDP session between a user and an Alibaba Cloud service on the dedicated host. Unit: seconds.
  * `operationLocks` - (Available in 1.123.1+) The operation_locks. contains the following attribute:
    * `lockReason` - The reason why the dedicated host resource is locked.
  * `supportedInstanceTypeFamilies` - (Available in 1.123.1+) ECS instance type family supported by the dedicated host.
  * `supportedCustomInstanceTypeFamilies` - (Available in 1.123.1+) A custom instance type family supported by a dedicated host.
  
   
    

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-0e09460cb671e24e68f256d58cfdf31dc56fda25bb900034767aab5873eaae22 -->