---
subcategory: "Elastic High Performance Computing(ehpc)"
layout: "alicloud"
page_title: "Alicloud: alicloud_ehpc_clusters"
sidebar_current: "docs-alicloud-datasource-ehpc-clusters"
description: |-
  Provides a list of Ehpc Clusters to the user.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# alicloud\_ehpc\_clusters

This data source provides the Ehpc Clusters of the current Alibaba Cloud user.

-> **NOTE:** Available in v1.173.0+.

## Example Usage

Basic Usage

```typescript
import * as constructs from "constructs";
import * as cdktf from "cdktf";
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as alicloud from "./.gen/providers/alicloud";
class MyConvertedCode extends cdktf.TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: constructs.Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    const dataAlicloudEhpcClustersIds =
      new alicloud.dataAlicloudEhpcClusters.DataAlicloudEhpcClusters(
        this,
        "ids",
        {
          ids: ["example_id"],
        }
      );
    const dataAlicloudEhpcClustersNameRegex =
      new alicloud.dataAlicloudEhpcClusters.DataAlicloudEhpcClusters(
        this,
        "nameRegex",
        {
          nameRegex: "^my-Cluster",
        }
      );
    new cdktf.TerraformOutput(this, "ehpc_cluster_id_1", {
      value: cdktf.propertyAccess(dataAlicloudEhpcClustersIds.clusters, [
        "0",
        "id",
      ]),
    });
    new cdktf.TerraformOutput(this, "ehpc_cluster_id_2", {
      value: cdktf.propertyAccess(dataAlicloudEhpcClustersNameRegex.clusters, [
        "0",
        "id",
      ]),
    });
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `enableDetails` - (Optional) Default to `false`. Set it to `true` can output more details about resource attributes.
* `ids` - (Optional, ForceNew, Computed)  A list of Cluster IDs.
* `nameRegex` - (Optional, ForceNew) A regex string to filter results by Cluster name.
* `outputFile` - (Optional) File name where to save data source results (after running `terraform plan`).
* `status` - (Optional, ForceNew) The status of the resource. Valid values:
  * `uninit`: The cluster is not initialized.
  * `creating`: The cluster is being created.
  * `init`: The cluster is being initialized.
  * `running`: The cluster is running.
  * `exception`: The cluster encounters an exception.
  * `releasing`: The cluster is being released.

## Argument Reference

The following attributes are exported in addition to the arguments listed above:

* `names` - A list of Cluster names.
* `clusters` - A list of Ehpc Clusters. Each element contains the following attributes:
  * `accountType` - The server type of the account.
		* `clientVersion` - The version number of the client used by the cluster.
  * `clusterId` - The id of E-HPC Cluster.
  * `clusterName` - The name of E-HPC cluster.
  * `computeCount` - The number of compute nodes in the cluster.
  * `computeInstanceType` - Cluster compute node specifications.
  * `createTime` - The creation time of the resource.
  * `deployMode` - Cluster deployment mode. Possible values:
    - Standard: separate deployment of account nodes, scheduling nodes, login nodes, and compute nodes.
    - Advanced:HA mode deployment.
    - Simple: the account node and the scheduling node are deployed on one node, and the login node and the compute node are deployed separately.
    - Tiny: account nodes, scheduling nodes, and login nodes are deployed on one node, and compute nodes are deployed separately.
    - OneBox: account node, scheduling node, login node and compute node are deployed on one node.
  * `description` - The description of E-HPC cluster.
  * `haEnable` - Whether to turn on high availability. > If high availability is enabled, each control role in the cluster will use two primary and secondary instances.
  * `id` - The ID of the Cluster.
  * `imageId` - The ID of the Image.
  * `imageOwnerAlias` - The type of the image.
  * `loginCount` - The number of cluster login nodes. Only configuration 1 is supported.
  * `loginInstanceType` - Cluster login node specifications.
  * `managerInstanceType` - The instance type of manager nodes.
  * `osTag` - The image tag of the operating system.
  * `remoteDirectory` - Mount the remote directory of the shared storage.
  * `sccClusterId` - The SccCluster ID used by the cluster. If the cluster is not an SCC model, it is empty.
  * `schedulerType` - Dispatch server type.
  * `securityGroupId` - The ID of the security group.
  * `status` - The status of the resource.
  * `volumeId` - The ID of the NAS instance. Currently, you cannot automatically create an Alibaba Cloud NAS instance.
  * `volumeMountpoint` - The mount target of the file system. Mount targets cannot be automatically created for NAS file systems.
  * `volumeProtocol` - The type of the protocol that is used by the file system.
  * `volumeType` - The type of the network shared storage. Valid value: NAS.
  * `vpcId` - The ID of the VPC network.
  * `vswitchId` - The vswitch id.
<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-44557fab3e54b47e2d5af7e4ccf45f7b2196682a5cebf59948d937db453f45d3 -->