---
subcategory: "Elastic IP Address (EIP)"
layout: "alicloud"
page_title: "Alicloud: alicloud_eip_addresses"
sidebar_current: "docs-alicloud-datasource-eip-addresses"
description: |-
  Provides a list of Eip Addresses to the user.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# alicloud\_eip\_addresses

This data source provides the Eip Addresses of the current Alibaba Cloud user.

-> **NOTE:** Available in v1.126.0+.

## Example Usage

Basic Usage

```typescript
import * as constructs from "constructs";
import * as cdktf from "cdktf";
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as alicloud from "./.gen/providers/alicloud";
class MyConvertedCode extends cdktf.TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: constructs.Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    const dataAlicloudEipAddressesExample =
      new alicloud.dataAlicloudEipAddresses.DataAlicloudEipAddresses(
        this,
        "example",
        {
          ids: ["eip-bp1jvx5ki6c********"],
          nameRegex: "the_resource_name",
        }
      );
    new cdktf.TerraformOutput(this, "first_eip_address_id", {
      value: cdktf.propertyAccess(dataAlicloudEipAddressesExample.addresses, [
        "0",
        "id",
      ]),
    });
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `associatedInstanceId` - (Optional, ForceNew) The associated instance id.
* `associatedInstanceType` - (Optional, ForceNew) The associated instance type.
* `dryRun` - (Optional, ForceNew) The dry run.
* `ipAddress` - (Optional, ForceNew) The eip address.
* `addressName` - (Optional, ForceNew) The eip name.
* `enableDetails` - (Optional) Default to `true`. Set it to `false` can hide the `tags` to output.
* `ids` - (Optional, ForceNew, Computed)  A list of Address IDs.
* `includeReservationData` - (Optional, ForceNew) The include reservation data. Valid values: `bgp` and `bgpPro`. 
* `isp` - (Optional, ForceNew) The Internet service provider (ISP). Valid values `bgp` and `bgpPro`.
* `lockReason` - (Optional, ForceNew) The lock reason.
* `nameRegex` - (Optional, ForceNew) A regex string to filter results by Address name.
* `outputFile` - (Optional) File name where to save data source results (after running `terraform plan`).
* `paymentType` - (Optional, ForceNew) The billing method of the EIP. Valid values: `subscription` and `payAsYouGo`. 
* `resourceGroupId` - (Optional, ForceNew) The ID of the resource group.
* `segmentInstanceId` - (Optional, ForceNew) The IDs of the contiguous EIPs.  This value is returned only when contiguous EIPs are specified.
* `status` - (Optional, ForceNew) The status of the EIP. Valid values:  `associating`: The EIP is being associated. `unassociating`: The EIP is being disassociated. `inUse`: The EIP is allocated. `available`:The EIP is available.
* `tags` - (Optional) A mapping of tags to assign to the resource.

## Argument Reference

The following attributes are exported in addition to the arguments listed above:

* `names` - A list of Address names.
* `addresses` - A list of Eip Addresses. Each element contains the following attributes:
	* `addressName` - The name of the EIP.
	* `allocationId` - The ID of the EIP.
	* `availableRegions` - The ID of the region to which the EIP belongs.
	* `bandwidth` - The maximum bandwidth of the EIP. Unit: Mbit/s.
	* `bandwidthPackageBandwidth` - The bandwidth value of the EIP bandwidth plan with which the EIP is associated.
	* `bandwidthPackageId` - The ID of the EIP bandwidth plan.
	* `bandwidthPackageType` - The type of the bandwidth. Only CommonBandwidthPackage (an EIP bandwidth plan) is returned.
	* `createTime` - The time when the EIP was created.
	* `deletionProtection` - Indicates whether deletion protection is enabled.
	* `description` - The description of the EIP.
	* `expiredTime` - The expiration date. The time follows the ISO 8601 standard and is displayed in UTC. Format: YYYY-MM-DDThh:mmZ.
	* `hasReservationData` - Indicates whether renewal data is included. This parameter returns true only when the parameter IncludeReservationData is set to true, and some orders have not taken effect.
	* `hdMonitorStatus` - Indicates whether fine-grained monitoring is enabled for the EIP.
	* `id` - The ID of the Address.
	* `instanceId` - The ID of the instance with which the EIP is associated.
	* `instanceRegionId` - The region ID of the associated resource.
	* `instanceType` - The type of the instance with which the EIP is associated.
	* `internetChargeType` - The metering method of the EIP.
	* `ipAddress` - The IP address of the EIP.
	* `isp` - The Internet service provider (ISP).
	* `operationLocks` - The details about the locked EIP.
	* `paymentType` - The billing method of the EIP.
	* `reservationActiveTime` - The time when the renewal takes effect.
	* `reservationBandwidth` - The bandwidth after the renewal takes effect.
	* `reservationInternetChargeType` - The metering method of the renewal. 
	* `reservationOrderType` - The type of the renewal order. 
	* `resourceGroupId` - The ID of the resource group.
	* `secondLimited` - Indicates whether level-2 throttling is configured.
	* `segmentInstanceId` - The IDs of the contiguous EIPs.  
	* `status` - The status of the EIP. 
	* `tags` - A mapping of tags to assign to the resource.

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-fc6b3f89e6074f96bd7d8acbe8728c5eea3d8913e62063117c6f89ac46d56c0a -->