---
subcategory: "Anycast Elastic IP Address (Eipanycast)"
layout: "alicloud"
page_title: "Alicloud: alicloud_eipanycast_anycast_eip_addresses"
sidebar_current: "docs-alicloud-datasource-eipanycast-anycast-eip-addresses"
description: |-
  Provides a list of Anycast Eip Addresses to the user.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# alicloud\_eipanycast\_anycast\_eip\_addresses

This data source provides the Eipanycast Anycast Eip Addresses of the current Alibaba Cloud user.

-> **NOTE:** Available in v1.113.0+.

## Example Usage

Basic Usage

```typescript
import * as constructs from "constructs";
import * as cdktf from "cdktf";
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as alicloud from "./.gen/providers/alicloud";
class MyConvertedCode extends cdktf.TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: constructs.Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    const dataAlicloudEipanycastAnycastEipAddressesExample =
      new alicloud.dataAlicloudEipanycastAnycastEipAddresses.DataAlicloudEipanycastAnycastEipAddresses(
        this,
        "example",
        {
          ids: ["example_value"],
          nameRegex: "the_resource_name",
        }
      );
    new cdktf.TerraformOutput(this, "first_eipanycast_anycast_eip_address_id", {
      value: cdktf.propertyAccess(
        dataAlicloudEipanycastAnycastEipAddressesExample.addresses,
        ["0", "id"]
      ),
    });
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `anycastEipAddressName` - (Optional, ForceNew) Anycast EIP instance name.
* `bindInstanceIds` - (Optional, ForceNew) The bind instance ids.
* `businessStatus` - (Optional, ForceNew) The business status of the Anycast EIP instance. -`normal`: Normal state. -`financialLocked`: The status of arrears locked.
* `ids` - (Optional, ForceNew, Computed)  A list of Anycast Eip Address IDs.
* `internetChargeType` - (Optional, ForceNew) The billing method of Anycast EIP instance. `payByBandwidth`: refers to the method of billing based on traffic.
* `ipAddress` - (Optional, ForceNew)  Anycast EIP instance IP address.
* `nameRegex` - (Optional, ForceNew) A regex string to filter results by Anycast Eip Address name.
* `outputFile` - (Optional) File name where to save data source results (after running `terraform plan`).
* `paymentType` - (Optional, ForceNew) The payment model of Anycast EIP instance. `payAsYouGo`: Refers to the post-paid mode. Default value is `payAsYouGo`.
* `serviceLocation` - (Optional, ForceNew) Anycast EIP instance access area. `international`: Refers to areas outside of Mainland China.
* `status` - (Optional, ForceNew) IP status。- `associating`, `unassociating`, `allocated`, `associated`, `modifying`, `releasing`, `released`. Valid values: `allocated`, `associated`.

## Argument Reference

The following attributes are exported in addition to the arguments listed above:

* `names` - A list of Anycast Eip Address names.
* `addresses` - A list of Eipanycast Anycast Eip Addresses. Each element contains the following attributes:
	* `aliUid` - Anycast EIP instance account ID.
	* `anycastEipAddressName` - Anycast EIP instance name.
	* `anycastEipBindInfoList` -  AnycastEip binding information.
		* `bindInstanceId` - The bound cloud resource instance ID.
		* `bindInstanceRegionId` -  The region ID of the bound cloud resource instance.
		* `bindInstanceType` - Bind the cloud resource instance type.
		* `bindTime` -  Binding time.
	* `anycastId` -  Anycast EIP instance ID.
	* `bandwidth` -  The peak bandwidth of the Anycast EIP instance, in Mbps.
	* `bid` - Anycast EIP instance account BID.
	* `businessStatus` - The business status of the Anycast EIP instance. -`normal`: Normal state. -`financialLocked`: The status of arrears locked.
	* `description` - Anycast EIP instance description.
	* `id` - The ID of the Anycast Eip Address.
	* `internetChargeType` - The billing method of Anycast EIP instance. `payByBandwidth`: refers to the method of billing based on traffic.
	* `ipAddress` -  Anycast EIP instance IP address.
	* `paymentType` - The payment model of Anycast EIP instance. "PostPaid": Refers to the post-paid mode.
	* `serviceLocation` - Anycast EIP instance access area. "international": Refers to areas outside of Mainland China.
	* `status` - IP status。- `associating`, `unassociating`, `allocated`, `associated`, `modifying`, `releasing`, `released`.

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-2bd011f99d6ae4e06c02a7616874e242150282820ce804734252d02b97398fb0 -->