---
subcategory: "Elasticsearch"
layout: "alicloud"
page_title: "Alicloud: alicloud_elasticsearch_instances"
sidebar_current: "docs-alicloud-datasource-elasticsearch-instances"
description: |-
  Provides a collection of Elasticsearch instances according to the specified filters.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# alicloud\_elasticsearch\_instances

The `alicloudElasticsearchInstances` data source provides a collection of Elasticsearch instances available in Alicloud account.
Filters support description regex, searches by tags, and other filters which are listed below.

## Example Usage

```typescript
import * as constructs from "constructs";
import * as cdktf from "cdktf";
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as alicloud from "./.gen/providers/alicloud";
class MyConvertedCode extends cdktf.TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: constructs.Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    new alicloud.dataAlicloudElasticsearchInstances.DataAlicloudElasticsearchInstances(
      this,
      "instances",
      {
        descriptionRegex: "myes",
        version: "5.5.3_with_X-Pack",
      }
    );
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `descriptionRegex` - (Optional) A regex string to apply to the instance description.
* `ids` - (Optional, Available 1.52.1+) A list of Elasticsearch instance IDs.
* `version` - (Optional) Elasticsearch version. Options are `553WithXPack`, `632WithXPack` and `670WithXPack`. If no value is specified, all versions are returned.
* `tags` - (Optional, Available 1.74.0+) A map of tags assigned to instances.
* `outputFile` - (Optional) File name where to save data source results (after running `terraform plan`).

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported in addition to the arguments listed above:

* `ids` - A list of Elasticsearch instance IDs.
* `descriptions` - A list of Elasticsearch instance descriptions.
* `instances` - A list of Elasticsearch instances. Its every element contains the following attributes:
  * `id` - The ID of the Elasticsearch instance.
  * `description` - The description of the Elasticsearch instance.
  * `instanceChargeType` - Billing method. Value options: `postPaid` for  Pay-As-You-Go and `prePaid` for subscription.
  * `dataNodeAmount` - The Elasticsearch cluster's data node quantity, between 2 and 50.
  * `dataNodeSpec` - The data node specifications of the elasticsearch instance.
  * `dataNodeDiskSize` - The single data node storage space. Unit: GB.
  * `dataNodeDiskType` - The data node disk type. Included values: `cloudSsd` and `cloudEfficiency`.
  * `vswitchId` - VSwitch ID the instance belongs to.
  * `version` - Elasticsearch version includes `553WithXPack`, `632WithXPack` and `670WithXPack`.
  * `ceratedAt` - The creation time of the instance. It's a GTM format, such as: "2019-01-08T15:50:50.623Z".
  * `updatedAt` - The last modified time of the instance. It's a GMT format, such as: "2019-01-08T15:50:50.623Z".
  * `status` - Status of the instance. It includes `active`, `activating`, `inactive`
  * `tags` - A map of tags assigned to the instance.

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-20e3c44c3b31edea14a81313e1ff0fc3b4d6e0097b880dc2106028fc1441909d -->