---
subcategory: "Auto Scaling"
layout: "alicloud"
page_title: "Alicloud: alicloud_ess_scaling_configurations"
sidebar_current: "docs-alicloud_ess_scaling_configurations"
description: |-
    Provides a list of scaling configurations available to the user.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# alicloud_ess_scaling_configurations

This data source provides available scaling configuration resources. 

## Example Usage

```typescript
import * as constructs from "constructs";
import * as cdktf from "cdktf";
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as alicloud from "./.gen/providers/alicloud";
class MyConvertedCode extends cdktf.TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: constructs.Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    const dataAlicloudEssScalingConfigurationsScalingconfigurationsDs =
      new alicloud.dataAlicloudEssScalingConfigurations.DataAlicloudEssScalingConfigurations(
        this,
        "scalingconfigurations_ds",
        {
          ids: ["scaling_configuration_id1", "scaling_configuration_id2"],
          nameRegex: "scaling_configuration_name",
          scalingGroupId: "scaling_group_id",
        }
      );
    new cdktf.TerraformOutput(this, "first_scaling_rule", {
      value: cdktf.propertyAccess(
        dataAlicloudEssScalingConfigurationsScalingconfigurationsDs.configurations,
        ["0", "id"]
      ),
    });
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `scalingGroupId` - (Optional) Scaling group id the scaling configurations belong to.
* `nameRegex` - (Optional) A regex string to filter resulting scaling configurations by name.
* `ids` - (Optional) A list of scaling configuration IDs.
* `outputFile` - (Optional) File name where to save data source results (after running `terraform plan`).

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported in addition to the arguments listed above:

* `ids` - A list of scaling configuration ids.
* `names` - A list of scaling configuration names.
* `configurations` - A list of scaling rules. Each element contains the following attributes:
  * `id` - ID of the scaling rule.
  * `scalingGroupId` - ID of the scaling group.
  * `name` - Name of the scaling configuration.
  * `imageId` - Image ID of the scaling configuration.
  * `instanceType` - Instance type of the scaling configuration.
  * `securityGroupId` - Security group ID of the scaling configuration.
  * `internetChargeType` - Internet charge type of the scaling configuration.
  * `internetMaxBandwidthIn` - Internet max bandwidth in of the scaling configuration.
  * `internetMaxBandwidthOut` - Internet max bandwidth of the scaling configuration.
  * `creditSpecification` - Performance mode of the t5 burstable instance.
  * `systemDiskCategory` - System disk category of the scaling configuration.
  * `systemDiskSize` - System disk size of the scaling configuration.
  * `systemDiskPerformanceLevel` - The performance level of the ESSD used as the system disk.
  * `dataDisks` - Data disks of the scaling configuration.
    * `size` - Size of data disk.
    * `category` - Category of data disk.
    * `snapshotId` - Size of data disk.
    * `device` - Device attribute of data disk.
    * `deleteWithInstance` - Delete_with_instance attribute of data disk.
    * `performanceLevel` - The performance level of the ESSD used as data disk.
  * `lifecycleState` - Lifecycle state of the scaling configuration.
  * `creationTime` - Creation time of the scaling configuration.
  * `instanceName` - (Optional,Available in 1.143.0+) InstanceName of an ECS instance.
  * `hostName` - (Optional,Available in 1.143.0+) Hostname of an ECS instance.
  * `spotStrategy` - (Optional, Available in 1.151.0+) The spot strategy for a Pay-As-You-Go instance.
  * `spotPriceLimit` - (Optional, Available in 1.151.0+) The maximum price hourly for instance types.
    * `instanceType` - Resource type of an ECS instance.
    * `priceLimit` - Price limit hourly of instance type.

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-b33e377b82c12236ae8ea7e4b512e186bcfc873aeb5766ce3356dcd6c54488a4 -->