---
subcategory: "Express Connect"
layout: "alicloud"
page_title: "Alicloud: alicloud_express_connect_physical_connections"
sidebar_current: "docs-alicloud-datasource-express-connect-physical-connections"
description: |-
  Provides a list of Express Connect Physical Connections to the user.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# alicloud\_express\_connect\_physical\_connections

This data source provides the Express Connect Physical Connections of the current Alibaba Cloud user.

-> **NOTE:** Available in v1.132.0+.

## Example Usage

Basic Usage

```typescript
import * as constructs from "constructs";
import * as cdktf from "cdktf";
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as alicloud from "./.gen/providers/alicloud";
class MyConvertedCode extends cdktf.TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: constructs.Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    const dataAlicloudExpressConnectPhysicalConnectionsIds =
      new alicloud.dataAlicloudExpressConnectPhysicalConnections.DataAlicloudExpressConnectPhysicalConnections(
        this,
        "ids",
        {
          ids: ["pc-2345678"],
        }
      );
    const dataAlicloudExpressConnectPhysicalConnectionsNameRegex =
      new alicloud.dataAlicloudExpressConnectPhysicalConnections.DataAlicloudExpressConnectPhysicalConnections(
        this,
        "nameRegex",
        {
          nameRegex: "^my-PhysicalConnection",
        }
      );
    new cdktf.TerraformOutput(
      this,
      "express_connect_physical_connection_id_1",
      {
        value: cdktf.propertyAccess(
          dataAlicloudExpressConnectPhysicalConnectionsIds.connections,
          ["0", "id"]
        ),
      }
    );
    new cdktf.TerraformOutput(
      this,
      "express_connect_physical_connection_id_2",
      {
        value: cdktf.propertyAccess(
          dataAlicloudExpressConnectPhysicalConnectionsNameRegex.connections,
          ["0", "id"]
        ),
      }
    );
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `ids` - (Optional, ForceNew, Computed)  A list of Physical Connection IDs.
* `includeReservationData` - (Optional, ForceNew) The include reservation data.
* `nameRegex` - (Optional, ForceNew) A regex string to filter results by Physical Connection name.
* `outputFile` - (Optional) File name where to save data source results (after running `terraform plan`).
* `status` - (Optional, ForceNew) Resources on Behalf of a State of the Resource Attribute Field. Valid values: `canceled`, `enabled`, `terminated`.

## Argument Reference

The following attributes are exported in addition to the arguments listed above:

* `names` - A list of Physical Connection names.
* `connections` - A list of Express Connect Physical Connections. Each element contains the following attributes:
	* `accessPointId` - The Physical Leased Line Access Point ID.
	* `adLocation` - To Connect a Device Physical Location.
	* `bandwidth` - On the Bandwidth of the ECC Service and Physical Connection.
	* `businessStatus` - The Physical Connection to Which the Payment Status: Normal, financiallocked, securitylocked.
	* `circuitCode` - Operators for Physical Connection Circuit Provided Coding.
	* `createTime` - The Representative of the Creation Time Resources Attribute Field.
	* `description` - The Physical Connection to Which the Description.
	* `enabledTime` - The Physical Connection to Which the Activation Time.
	* `endTime` - The Expiration Time.
	* `hasReservationData` - HasReservationData.
	* `id` - The ID of the Physical Connection.
	* `lineOperator` - Provides Access to the Physical Line Operator Value CT: China Telecom, CU: China Unicom, CM: china Mobile, CO: Other Chinese, Equinix:Equinix, Other: Other Overseas.
	* `loaStatus` - Loa State.
	* `paymentType` - on Behalf of the Pay-as-You-Type of Resource Attribute Field.
	* `peerLocation` - and an on-Premises Data Center Location.
	* `physicalConnectionId` - on Behalf of the Resource Level Id of the Resources Property Fields.
	* `physicalConnectionName` - on Behalf of the Resource Name of the Resources-Attribute Field.
	* `portNumber` - To Connect a Device Port: The Port Number of.
	* `portType` - The Physical Leased Line Access Port Type Value 100Base-T: Fast Electrical Ports, 1000Base-T (the Default): gigabit Electrical Ports, 1000Base-LX: Gigabit Singlemode Optical Ports (10Km), 10GBase-T: Gigabit Electrical Port, 10GBase-LR: Gigabit Singlemode Optical Ports (10Km).
	* `redundantPhysicalConnectionId` - Redundant Physical Connection to Which the ID.
	* `reservationActiveTime` - The Renewal of the Entry into Force of the Time.
	* `reservationInternetChargeType` - Renewal Type.
	* `reservationOrderType` - Renewal Order Type.
	* `spec` - The Physical Connection to Which the Specifications.
	* `status` - Resources on Behalf of a State of the Resource Attribute Field.
	* `type` - Physical Private Line of Type. Default Value: VPC.

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-51f9d2317020ae4d77f286af59cf9d668e59cebf2f5d9620c3f16cf4d9169339 -->