---
subcategory: "Express Connect"
layout: "alicloud"
page_title: "Alicloud: alicloud_express_connect_vbr_pconn_associations"
sidebar_current: "docs-alicloud-datasource-express-connect-vbr-pconn-associations"
description: |-
  Provides a list of Express Connect Vbr Pconn Association owned by an Alibaba Cloud account.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# alicloud_express_connect_vbr_pconn_associations

This data source provides Express Connect Vbr Pconn Association available to the user.

-> **NOTE:** Available in 1.196.0+

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "alicloud_express_connect_vbr_pconn_associations" "default" {
  ids    = ["example_id"]
  vbr_id = alicloud_express_connect_vbr_pconn_association.default.vbr_id
}

output "alicloud_express_connect_vbr_pconn_association_example_id" {
  value = data.alicloud_express_connect_vbr_pconn_associations.default.associations.0.id
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:
* `outputFile` - (Optional) File name where to save data source results (after running `terraform plan`).
* `ids` - (Optional, ForceNew, Computed) A list of Vbr Pconn Association IDs.
* `vbrId` - (Optional, ForceNew) The ID of the VBR instance.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported in addition to the arguments listed above:
* `associations` - A list of Vbr Pconn Association Entries. Each element contains the following attributes:
  * `circuitCode` - The circuit code provided by the operator for the physical connection.
  * `enableIpv6` - Whether IPv6 is enabled. 
  * `localGatewayIp` - The Alibaba cloud IP address of the VBR instance.
  * `localIpv6GatewayIp` - The IPv6 address on the Alibaba Cloud side of the VBR instance.
  * `peerGatewayIp` - The client IP address of the VBR instance.
  * `peerIpv6GatewayIp` - The IPv6 address of the client side of the VBR instance.
  * `peeringIpv6SubnetMask` - The subnet mask of the Alibaba Cloud side and the client side of the VBR instance.Two IPv6 addresses must be in the same subnet.
  * `peeringSubnetMask` - The subnet mask of the Alibaba Cloud side and the client side of the VBR instance.The two IP addresses must be in the same subnet.
  * `physicalConnectionId` - The ID of the leased line instance.
  * `status` - The status of the resource
  * `vbrId` - The ID of the VBR instance.
  * `vlanId` - VLAN ID of the VBR.
  * `id` - The ID of the Vbr Pconn Association.

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-f7c1be55d7b744e253f3642a2d3ab907da1a85ae2bba0b0a889380c4ff46fa9c -->