---
subcategory: "Express Connect"
layout: "alicloud"
page_title: "Alicloud: alicloud_express_connect_router_interfaces"
sidebar_current: "docs-alicloud-datasource-express-connect-router-interfaces"
description: |-
  Provides a list of Router Interface owned by an Alibaba Cloud account.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# alicloud\_express\_connect\_router\_interfaces

This data source provides Router Interface available to the user.[What is Router Interface](https://www.alibabacloud.com/help/doc-detail/52412.htm)

-> **NOTE:** Available in 1.199.0+

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "alicloud_express_connect_router_interfaces" "default" {
  ids        = ["${alicloud_router_interface.default.id}"]
  name_regex = alicloud_router_interface.default.name
}

output "alicloud_router_interface_example_id" {
  value = data.alicloud_express_connect_router_interfaces.default.interfaces.0.id
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:
* `ids` - (Optional, ForceNew, Computed) A list of Router Interface IDs.
* `includeReservationData` - (Optional, ForceNew) Does it contain renewal data. Valid values: `true`, `false`.
* `nameRegex` - (Optional, ForceNew) A regex string to filter results by Group Metric Rule name.
* `outputFile` - (Optional) File name where to save data source results (after running `terraform plan`).


## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported in addition to the arguments listed above:
* `ids` - A list of Router Interface IDs.
* `names` - A list of name of Router Interfaces.
* `interfaces` - A list of Router Interface Entries. Each element contains the following attributes:
  * `accessPointId` - The access point ID to which the VBR belongs.
  * `bandwidth` - The bandwidth of the resource.
  * `businessStatus` - The businessStatus of the resource. Valid Values: `normal`, `financialLocked`, `securityLocked`.
  * `connectedTime` - The connected time of the resource.
  * `createTime` - The creation time of the resource
  * `crossBorder` - The cross border of the resource.
  * `description` - The description of the router interface.
  * `endTime` - The end time of the resource.
  * `hasReservationData` - The has reservation data of the resource.
  * `hcRate` - The hc rate of the resource.
  * `hcThreshold` -  The hc threshold of the resource.
  * `healthCheckSourceIp` - The health check source IP address, must be an unused IP within the local VPC.
  * `healthCheckTargetIp` - The IP address for health screening purposes.
  * `oppositeAccessPointId` -The Access point ID to which the other end belongs.
  * `oppositeBandwidth` -  The opposite bandwidth of the router on the other side.
  * `oppositeInterfaceBusinessStatus` - The opposite interface business status of the router on the other side. Valid Values: `normal`, `financialLocked`, `securityLocked`.
  * `oppositeInterfaceId` - The Interface ID of the router at the other end.
  * `oppositeInterfaceOwnerId` - The AliCloud account ID of the owner of the router interface on the other end.
  * `oppositeInterfaceSpec` - The opposite interface spec of the router on the other side. Valid Values: `mini2`, `mini5`, `mini5`, `small2`, `small5`, `middle1`, `middle2`, `middle5`, `large1`, `large2`, `large5`, `xLarge1`, `negative`.
  * `oppositeInterfaceStatus` - The opposite interface status of the router on the other side. Valid Values: `idle`, `acceptingConnecting`, `connecting`, `activating`, `active`, `modifying`, `deactivating`, `inactive`, `deleting`.
  * `oppositeRegionId` - The geographical ID of the location of the receiving end of the connection.
  * `oppositeRouterId` - The id of the router at the other end.
  * `oppositeRouterType` - The opposite router type of the router on the other side. Valid Values: `vRouter`, `vbr`.
  * `oppositeVpcInstanceId` - The opposite vpc instance id of the router on the other side.
  * `paymentType` - The payment methods for router interfaces. Valid Values: `prePaid`, `postPaid`.
  * `reservationActiveTime` - The reservation active time of the resource.
  * `reservationBandwidth` - The reservation bandwidth of the resource.
  * `reservationInternetChargeType` - The reservation internet charge type of the resource.
  * `reservationOrderType` - The reservation order type of the resource.
  * `role` - The role of the router interface. Valid Values: `initiatingSide`, `acceptingSide`.
  * `routerId` - The router id associated with the router interface.
  * `routerInterfaceId` - The first ID of the resource.
  * `routerInterfaceName` - The name of the resource.
  * `routerType` - The type of router associated with the router interface. Valid Values: `vRouter`, `vbr`.
  * `spec` - The specification of the router interface. Valid Values: `mini2`, `mini5`, `mini5`, `small2`, `small5`, `middle1`, `middle2`, `middle5`, `large1`, `large2`, `large5`, `xLarge1`, `negative`.
  * `status` - The status of the resource. Valid Values: `idle`, `acceptingConnecting`, `connecting`, `activating`, `active`, `modifying`, `deactivating`, `inactive`, `deleting`.
  * `vpcInstanceId` - The vpc instance id of the resource.

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-d64fb0f0d5031dda8243891b0901728dd5d915197a3caed7f1f3e59dc489844a -->