---
subcategory: "Global Accelerator (GA)"
layout: "alicloud"
page_title: "Alicloud: alicloud_ga_accelerators"
sidebar_current: "docs-alicloud-datasource-ga-accelerators"
description: |-
  Provides a list of Global Accelerator (GA) Accelerators to the user.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# alicloud\_ga\_accelerators

This data source provides the Global Accelerator (GA) Accelerators of the current Alibaba Cloud user.

-> **NOTE:** Available in v1.111.0+.

## Example Usage

Basic Usage

```typescript
import * as constructs from "constructs";
import * as cdktf from "cdktf";
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as alicloud from "./.gen/providers/alicloud";
class MyConvertedCode extends cdktf.TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: constructs.Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    const dataAlicloudGaAcceleratorsExample =
      new alicloud.dataAlicloudGaAccelerators.DataAlicloudGaAccelerators(
        this,
        "example",
        {
          ids: ["example_value"],
          nameRegex: "the_resource_name",
        }
      );
    new cdktf.TerraformOutput(this, "first_ga_accelerator_id", {
      value: cdktf.propertyAccess(
        dataAlicloudGaAcceleratorsExample.accelerators,
        ["0", "id"]
      ),
    });
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `ids` - (Optional, ForceNew, Computed)  A list of Accelerator IDs.
* `nameRegex` - (Optional, ForceNew) A regex string to filter results by Accelerator name.
* `outputFile` - (Optional) File name where to save data source results (after running `terraform plan`).
* `status` - (Optional, ForceNew) The status of the GA instance.

## Argument Reference

The following attributes are exported in addition to the arguments listed above:

* `names` - A list of Accelerator names.
* `accelerators` - A list of Ga Accelerators. Each element contains the following attributes:
	* `acceleratorId` - The ID of the GA instance to query.
	* `acceleratorName` - The Name of the GA instance.
	* `basicBandwidthPackage` - Details of the basic bandwidth package bound to the global acceleration instance.
		* `bandwidth` - The bandwidth value of the basic bandwidth package.
		* `bandwidthType` - The bandwidth type of the basic bandwidth package.
		* `instanceId` - Instance ID of the basic bandwidth package.
	* `cenId` - The cloud enterprise network instance ID bound to the global acceleration instance.
	* `crossDomainBandwidthPackage` - Details of the cross-domain acceleration package bound to the global acceleration instance.
		* `instanceId` - Instance ID of the cross-domain acceleration package.
		* `bandwidth` - Bandwidth value of cross-domain acceleration package.
	* `ddosId` - DDoS high-defense instance ID that is unbound from the global acceleration instance.
	* `description` - Descriptive information of the global acceleration instance.
	* `dnsName` - CNAME address assigned by Global Acceleration instance.
	* `expiredTime` - Time when the global acceleration instance expires.
	* `id` - The ID of the Accelerator.
	* `paymentType` - The Payment Typethe GA instance.
	* `secondDnsName` - CNAME of the Global Acceleration Linkage DDoS High Defense Instance.
	* `spec` - The instance type of the GA instance.
	* `status` - The status of the GA instance.

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-49a0b06802078251eb3461a29bbbf162f781d44aae5ba262f01f6a449706c751 -->