---
subcategory: "Global Accelerator (GA)"
layout: "alicloud"
page_title: "Alicloud: alicloud_ga_bandwidth_packages"
sidebar_current: "docs-alicloud-datasource-ga-bandwidth-packages"
description: |-
  Provides a list of Global Accelerator (GA) Bandwidth Packages to the user.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# alicloud\_ga\_bandwidth\_packages

This data source provides the Global Accelerator (GA) Bandwidth Packages of the current Alibaba Cloud user.

-> **NOTE:** Available in v1.112.0+.

## Example Usage

Basic Usage

```typescript
import * as constructs from "constructs";
import * as cdktf from "cdktf";
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as alicloud from "./.gen/providers/alicloud";
class MyConvertedCode extends cdktf.TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: constructs.Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    const dataAlicloudGaBandwidthPackagesExample =
      new alicloud.dataAlicloudGaBandwidthPackages.DataAlicloudGaBandwidthPackages(
        this,
        "example",
        {
          ids: ["example_value"],
          nameRegex: "the_resource_name",
        }
      );
    new cdktf.TerraformOutput(this, "first_ga_bandwidth_package_id", {
      value: cdktf.propertyAccess(
        dataAlicloudGaBandwidthPackagesExample.packages,
        ["0", "id"]
      ),
    });
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `ids` - (Optional, ForceNew, Computed)  A list of Bandwidth Package IDs.
* `nameRegex` - (Optional, ForceNew) A regex string to filter results by Bandwidth Package name.
* `outputFile` - (Optional) File name where to save data source results (after running `terraform plan`).
* `status` - (Optional, ForceNew) The status of the bandwidth plan. Valid values: `active`, `binded`, `binding`, `finacialLocked`, `init`, `unbinding`, `updating`.
* `type` - (Optional, ForceNew) The type of the bandwidth plan. Valid values: `basic`, `crossDomain`.
* `enableDetails` - (Optional) Default to `false`. Set it to `true` can output more details about resource attributes.

## Argument Reference

The following attributes are exported in addition to the arguments listed above:

* `names` - A list of Bandwidth Package names.
* `packages` - A list of Ga Bandwidth Packages. Each element contains the following attributes:
	* `bandwidth` - The bandwidth value of bandwidth packet.
	* `bandwidthPackageId` - The Resource ID of the bandwidth.
	* `bandwidthPackageName` - The name of the bandwidth packet.
	* `bandwidthType` - The bandwidth type of the bandwidth.
	* `cbnGeographicRegionIda` - Interworking area A of cross domain acceleration package. Only international stations support returning this parameter.
	* `cbnGeographicRegionIdb` - Interworking area B of cross domain acceleration package. Only international stations support returning this parameter.
	* `description` - The description of bandwidth package.
	* `expiredTime` - Bandwidth package expiration time.
	* `id` - The ID of the Bandwidth Package.
	* `paymentType` - The payment type of the bandwidth.
	* `status` - The status of the bandwidth plan.
	* `type` - The type of the bandwidth packet. China station only supports return to basic.

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-01ca6a2a0b6ded7ecbd3cc5ebc54edf118c0a555a80fcea26d12cf2aef068232 -->