---
subcategory: "Global Accelerator (GA)"
layout: "alicloud"
page_title: "Alicloud: alicloud_ga_basic_accelerators"
sidebar_current: "docs-alicloud-datasource-ga-basic-accelerators"
description: |-
  Provides a list of Global Accelerator (GA) Basic Accelerators to the user.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# alicloud\_ga\_basic\_accelerators

This data source provides the Global Accelerator (GA) Basic Accelerators of the current Alibaba Cloud user.

-> **NOTE:** Available in v1.194.0+.

## Example Usage

Basic Usage

```typescript
import * as constructs from "constructs";
import * as cdktf from "cdktf";
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as alicloud from "./.gen/providers/alicloud";
class MyConvertedCode extends cdktf.TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: constructs.Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    const dataAlicloudGaBasicAcceleratorsIds =
      new alicloud.dataAlicloudGaBasicAccelerators.DataAlicloudGaBasicAccelerators(
        this,
        "ids",
        {
          ids: ["example_id"],
        }
      );
    const dataAlicloudGaBasicAcceleratorsNameRegex =
      new alicloud.dataAlicloudGaBasicAccelerators.DataAlicloudGaBasicAccelerators(
        this,
        "nameRegex",
        {
          nameRegex: "tf-example",
        }
      );
    new cdktf.TerraformOutput(this, "ga_basic_accelerator_id_1", {
      value: cdktf.propertyAccess(
        dataAlicloudGaBasicAcceleratorsIds.accelerators,
        ["0", "id"]
      ),
    });
    new cdktf.TerraformOutput(this, "ga_basic_accelerator_id_2", {
      value: cdktf.propertyAccess(
        dataAlicloudGaBasicAcceleratorsNameRegex.accelerators,
        ["0", "id"]
      ),
    });
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `ids` - (Optional, ForceNew, Computed) A list of Global Accelerator Basic Accelerator IDs.
* `nameRegex` - (Optional, ForceNew) A regex string to filter results by Global Accelerator Basic Accelerator name.
* `acceleratorId` - (Optional, ForceNew) The ID of the Global Accelerator Basic Accelerator instance.
* `status` - (Optional, ForceNew) The status of the Global Accelerator Basic Accelerator instance. Valid Value: `init`, `active`, `configuring`, `binding`, `unbinding`, `deleting`, `finacialLocked`.
* `outputFile` - (Optional) File name where to save data source results (after running `terraform plan`).

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported in addition to the arguments listed above:

* `names` - A list of Global Accelerator Basic Accelerator names.
* `accelerators` - A list of Global Accelerator Basic Accelerators. Each element contains the following attributes:
	* `id` - The id of the Global Accelerator Basic Accelerator.
	* `basicAcceleratorId` - The id of the Global Accelerator Basic Accelerator instance.
	* `basicAcceleratorName` - The name of the Global Accelerator Basic Accelerator instance.
	* `basicEndpointGroupId` - The ID of the endpoint group that is associated with the Global Accelerator Basic Accelerator instance.
	* `basicIpSetId` - The ID of the acceleration region.
	* `bandwidthBillingType` - The bandwidth billing method.
	* `instanceChargeType` - The billing method of the Global Accelerator Basic Accelerator instance. Only `prepay` is returned, which indicates the subscription billing method.
	* `description` - The description of the Global Accelerator Basic Accelerator instance.
	* `regionId` - The ID of the region where the Global Accelerator Basic Accelerator instance is deployed.
	* `createTime` - The timestamp that indicates when the Global Accelerator Basic Accelerator instance was created.
	* `expiredTime` - The timestamp that indicates when the Global Accelerator Basic Accelerator instance was expired.
	* `status` - The status of the Global Accelerator Basic Accelerator instance.
	* `basicBandwidthPackage` - The details about the basic bandwidth plan that is associated with the Global Accelerator Basic Accelerator instance.
		* `instanceId` - The ID of the basic bandwidth plan.
		* `bandwidth` - The bandwidth value of the basic bandwidth plan. Unit: Mbit/s.
		* `bandwidthType` - The type of the bandwidth that is provided by the basic bandwidth plan.
	* `crossDomainBandwidthPackage` - The details about the cross-region acceleration bandwidth plan that is associated with the Global Accelerator Basic Accelerator instance. **NOTE:** This array is returned only for Global Accelerator Basic Accelerator instances that are created on the International site.
		* `instanceId` - The ID of the cross-region acceleration bandwidth plan.
		* `bandwidth` - The bandwidth value of the cross-region acceleration bandwidth plan. Unit: Mbit/s.

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-6a9f3abf6ba6c74deccb79feac3c9c3f30bc36f91256a7300f656e67e3dc7872 -->