---
subcategory: "Global Accelerator (GA)"
layout: "alicloud"
page_title: "Alicloud: alicloud_ga_endpoint_groups"
sidebar_current: "docs-alicloud-datasource-ga-endpoint-groups"
description: |-
  Provides a list of Global Accelerator (GA) Endpoint Groups to the user.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# alicloud\_ga\_endpoint\_groups

This data source provides the Global Accelerator (GA) Endpoint Groups of the current Alibaba Cloud user.

-> **NOTE:** Available in v1.113.0+.

## Example Usage

Basic Usage

```typescript
import * as constructs from "constructs";
import * as cdktf from "cdktf";
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as alicloud from "./.gen/providers/alicloud";
class MyConvertedCode extends cdktf.TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: constructs.Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    const dataAlicloudGaEndpointGroupsExample =
      new alicloud.dataAlicloudGaEndpointGroups.DataAlicloudGaEndpointGroups(
        this,
        "example",
        {
          acceleratorId: "example_value",
          ids: ["example_value"],
          nameRegex: "the_resource_name",
        }
      );
    new cdktf.TerraformOutput(this, "first_ga_endpoint_group_id", {
      value: cdktf.propertyAccess(dataAlicloudGaEndpointGroupsExample.groups, [
        "0",
        "id",
      ]),
    });
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `acceleratorId` - (Required, ForceNew) The ID of the Global Accelerator instance to which the endpoint group will be added.
* `endpointGroupType` - (Optional, ForceNew) The endpoint group type. Valid values: `default`, `virtual`. Default value is `default`.
* `ids` - (Optional, ForceNew, Computed)  A list of Endpoint Group IDs.
* `listenerId` - (Optional, ForceNew) The ID of the listener that is associated with the endpoint group.
* `nameRegex` - (Optional, ForceNew) A regex string to filter results by Endpoint Group name.
* `outputFile` - (Optional) File name where to save data source results (after running `terraform plan`).
* `status` - (Optional, ForceNew) The status of the endpoint group. Valid values: `active`, `configuring`, `creating`, `init`.

## Argument Reference

The following attributes are exported in addition to the arguments listed above:

* `names` - A list of Endpoint Group names.
* `groups` - A list of Ga Endpoint Groups. Each element contains the following attributes:
	* `description` - The description of the endpoint group.
	* `endpointConfigurations` - The endpointConfigurations of the endpoint group.
		* `probePort` - Probe Port.
		* `probeProtocol` - Probe Protocol.
		* `type` - The type of Endpoint N in the endpoint group.
		* `weight` - The weight of Endpoint N in the endpoint group.
		* `enableClientipPreservation` - Indicates whether client IP addresses are reserved.
		* `endpoint` - The IP address or domain name of Endpoint N in the endpoint group.
	* `endpointGroupId` - The endpoint_group_id of the Endpoint Group.
	* `endpointGroupRegion` - The ID of the region where the endpoint group is deployed.
	* `healthCheckIntervalSeconds` - The interval between two consecutive health checks. Unit: seconds.
	* `healthCheckPath` - The path specified as the destination of the targets for health checks.
	* `healthCheckPort` - The port that is used for health checks.
	* `healthCheckProtocol` - The protocol that is used to connect to the targets for health checks.
	* `id` - The ID of the Endpoint Group.
	* `listenerId` - The ID of the listener that is associated with the endpoint group.
	* `name` - The name of the endpoint group.
	* `portOverrides` - Mapping between listening port and forwarding port of boarding point.
		* `endpointPort` - Forwarding port.
		* `listenerPort` - Listener port.
	* `status` - The status of the endpoint group.
	* `thresholdCount` - The number of consecutive failed heath checks that must occur before the endpoint is deemed unhealthy.
	* `trafficPercentage` - The weight of the endpoint group when the corresponding listener is associated with multiple endpoint groups.

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-4eb961594773e5b3532b4503ef69a0bb6774eb3c03685efb62369974f0c1a1b5 -->