---
subcategory: "AnalyticDB for PostgreSQL (GPDB)"
layout: "alicloud"
page_title: "Alicloud: alicloud_gpdb_instances"
sidebar_current: "docs-alicloud-datasource-gpdb-instances"
description: |-
  Provides a collection of AnalyticDB for PostgreSQL instances according to the specified filters.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# alicloud\_gpdb\_instances

This data source provides the AnalyticDB for PostgreSQL instances of the current Alibaba Cloud user.

-> **NOTE:**  Available in 1.47.0+

## Example Usage

Basic Usage

```typescript
import * as constructs from "constructs";
import * as cdktf from "cdktf";
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as alicloud from "./.gen/providers/alicloud";
class MyConvertedCode extends cdktf.TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: constructs.Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    const dataAlicloudGpdbInstancesIds =
      new alicloud.dataAlicloudGpdbInstances.DataAlicloudGpdbInstances(
        this,
        "ids",
        {}
      );
    new cdktf.TerraformOutput(this, "gpdb_db_instance_id_1", {
      value: cdktf.propertyAccess(dataAlicloudGpdbInstancesIds.instances, [
        "0",
        "id",
      ]),
    });
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `nameRegex` - (Optional) A regex string to apply to the instance name.
* `availabilityZone` - (Optional) Instance availability zone.
* `vswitchId` - (Optional) Used to retrieve instances belong to specified `vswitch` resources.
* `dbInstanceCategories` - (Optional) The db instance categories.
* `dbInstanceModes` - (Optional) The db instance modes.
* `description` - (Optional) The description of the instance.
* `enableDetails` - (Optional) Default to `false`. Set it to `true` can output more details about resource attributes.
* `ids` - (Optional)  A list of DB Instance IDs.
* `instanceNetworkType` - (Optional) The network type of the instance.
* `outputFile` - (Optional) File name where to save data source results (after running `terraform plan`).
* `resourceGroupId` - (Optional) The ID of the enterprise resource group to which the instance belongs.
* `status` - (Optional) The status of the instance. Valid values: `creating`, `dbInstanceClassChanging`, `dbInstanceNetTypeChanging`, `deleting`, `engineVersionUpgrading`, `guardDbInstanceCreating`, `guardSwitching`, `importing`, `importingFromOtherInstance`, `rebooting`, `restoring`, `running`, `transfering`, `transferingToOtherInstance`.

## Argument Reference

The following attributes are exported in addition to the arguments listed above:

* `ids` - The ids list of AnalyticDB for PostgreSQL instances.
* `names` - The names list of AnalyticDB for PostgreSQL instance.
* `instances` - A list of Gpdb Db Instances. Each element contains the following attributes:
	* `connectionString` - The endpoint of the instance.
	* `cpuCores` - The number of CPU cores of the computing node. Unit: Core.
	* `createTime` - The time when the instance was created. The time is in the YYYY-MM-DDThh:mm:ssZ format, such as 2011-05-30T12:11:4Z.
  	* `dbInstanceCategory` - The db instance category. Valid values: `highAvailability`, `basic`.
  	* `dbInstanceClass` - The db instance class.
	* `dbInstanceId` - The db instance id.
	* `dbInstanceMode` - The db instance mode. Valid values: `storageElastic`, `serverless`, `classic`.
	* `description` - The description of the instance.
	* `engine` - The database engine used by the instance.
	* `engineVersion` - The version of the database engine used by the instance.
	* `id` - The ID of the db Instance.
	* `instanceNetworkType` - The network type of the instance.
	* `ipWhitelist` - The ip whitelist.
    * `ipGroupAttribute` - The value of this parameter is empty by default. The attribute of the whitelist group. The console does not display the whitelist group whose value of this parameter is hidden.
    * `ipGroupName` - IP whitelist group name
    * `securityIpList` - List of IP addresses allowed to access all databases of an instance. The list contains up to 1,000 IP addresses, separated by commas. Supported formats include 0.0.0.0/0, 10.23.12.24 (IP), and 10.23.12.24/24 (Classless Inter-Domain Routing (CIDR) mode. /24 represents the length of the prefix in an IP address. The range of the prefix length is [1,32]). System default to `["127001"]`.
	* `maintainEndTime` - The end time of the maintenance window for the instance.
	* `maintainStartTime` - The start time of the maintenance window for the instance.
	* `masterNodeNum` - The number of Master nodes. Valid values: 1 to 2. if it is not filled in, the default value is 1 Master node.
	* `memorySize` - The memory size of the compute node.
	* `paymentType` - The billing method of the instance. Valid values: `subscription`, `payAsYouGo`.
	* `segNodeNum` - Calculate the number of nodes. The value range of the high-availability version of the storage elastic mode is 4 to 512, and the value must be a multiple of 4. The value range of the basic version of the storage elastic mode is 2 to 512, and the value must be a multiple of 2. The-Serverless version has a value range of 2 to 512. The value must be a multiple of 2.
	* `status` - The status of the instance. Valid values: `creating`, `dbInstanceClassChanging`, `dbInstanceNetTypeChanging`, `deleting`, `engineVersionUpgrading`, `guardDbInstanceCreating`, `guardSwitching`, `importing`, `importingFromOtherInstance`, `rebooting`, `restoring`, `running`, `transfering`, `transferingToOtherInstance`.
	* `storageSize` - The storage capacity. Unit: GB. Value: `50` to `4000`.
	* `storageType` - The type of disks. Valid values: `cloudEssd`, `cloudEfficiency`.
	* `tags` - The tags of the instance.
	* `vpcId` - The ID of the VPC。.
	* `vswitchId` - The vswitch id.
	* `zoneId` - The zone ID of the instance.
  	* `regionId` - Region ID the instance belongs to.
	* `connectionString` - (Available in 1.196.0+) The connection string of the instance.
	* `port` - (Available in 1.196.0+) The connection port of the instance.


<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-51c439afcd4e5b06b25eccc32d76338cd394bea8d161429fd48c267e9e36ccd3 -->