---
subcategory: "HBase"
layout: "alicloud"
page_title: "Alicloud: alicloud_hbase_instances"
sidebar_current: "docs-alicloud-datasource-hbase-instances"
description: |-
    Provides a collection of HBase instances according to the specified filters.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# alicloud\_hbase\_instances

The `alicloudHbaseInstances` data source provides a collection of HBase instances available in Alicloud account.
Filters support regular expression for the instance name, ids or availability_zone.

-> **NOTE:**  Available in 1.67.0+

## Example Usage

```typescript
import * as constructs from "constructs";
import * as cdktf from "cdktf";
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as alicloud from "./.gen/providers/alicloud";
class MyConvertedCode extends cdktf.TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: constructs.Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    new alicloud.dataAlicloudHbaseInstances.DataAlicloudHbaseInstances(
      this,
      "hbase",
      {
        availabilityZone: "cn-shenzhen-b",
        nameRegex: "tf_testAccHBase",
      }
    );
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `nameRegex` - (Optional) A regex string to apply to the instance name.
* `ids` - (Optional) The ids list of HBase instances
* `availabilityZone` - (Optional) Instance availability zone.
* `tags` - (Optional, Available in 1.73.0) A mapping of tags to assign to the resource.
* `outputFile` - (Optional) The name of file that can save the collection of instances after running `terraform plan`.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported in addition to the arguments listed above:
* `ids` - The ids list of HBase instances
* `names` - The names list of HBase instances
* `instances` - A list of HBase instances. Its every element contains the following attributes:
  * `id` - The ID of the HBase instance.
  * `name` - The name of the HBase instance.
  * `regionId` - Region ID the instance belongs to. 
  * `zoneId` - Zone ID the instance belongs to.
  * `engine` - The engine of the instance.
  * `engineVersion` - The engine_version of the instance.
  * `networkType` - Classic network or VPC.
  * `masterInstanceType` - Like hbase.sn2.2xlarge, hbase.sn2.4xlarge, hbase.sn2.8xlarge and so on.
  * `masterNodeCount` - The node count of master
  * `coreInstanceType` - Like hbase.sn2.2xlarge, hbase.sn2.4xlarge, hbase.sn2.8xlarge and so on.
  * `coreNodeCount` - Same with "core_instance_quantity"
  * `coreDiskType` - Cloud_ssd or cloud_efficiency
  * `coreDiskSize` - Core node disk size, unit:GB.
  * `vpcId` - VPC ID the instance belongs to.
  * `vswitchId` - VSwitch ID the instance belongs to.
  * `payType` - Billing method. Value options are `postPaid` for  Pay-As-You-Go and `prePaid` for yearly or monthly subscription.
  * `status` - Status of the instance.
  * `backupStatus` - The Backup Status of the instance.
  * `createdTime` - The created time of the instance.
  * `expireTime` - The expire time of the instance.
  * `deletionProtection` - The switch of delete protection.
  * `tags` - A mapping of tags to assign to the resource.

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-3c552a5b6c570bc26580738d39e1ff70551adb2d2a8ab923ecd4e9a411441431 -->