---
subcategory: "HBase"
layout: "alicloud"
page_title: "Alicloud: alicloud_hbase_instance_types"
sidebar_current: "docs-alicloud-datasource-hbase-instance-types"
description: |-
    Provides a list of availability instance_types for HBase that can be used by an Alibaba Cloud account.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# alicloud\_hbase\_instance\_types

This data source provides availability instance_types for HBase that can be accessed by an Alibaba Cloud account within the region configured in the provider.

-> **NOTE:** Available in v1.106.0+.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "alicloud_hbase_instance_types" "default" {
  charge_type   = "Postpaid"
  region_id     = "cn-shanghai"
  zone_id       = "cn-shanghai-g"
  engine        = "hbaseue"
  version       = "2.0"
  instance_type = "hbase.sn2.large"
  disk_type     = "cloud_ssd"
}

resource "alicloud_hbase_instance" "hbase" {
  core_instance_type = data.alicloud_hbase_instance_types.default.types[0].id

  # Other properties...
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `instanceType` - (Optional) The hbase instance type of create hbase cluster instance.
* `chargeType` - (Optional, Available in 1.115.0+) The charge type of create hbase cluster instance, `prePaid` or `postPaid`.
* `regionId` - (Optional, Available in 1.115.0+) The dest region id, default client region.
* `zoneId` - (Optional, Available in 1.115.0+) The zone id, belong to regionId.
* `engine` - (Optional, Available in 1.115.0+) The engine name, `singlehbase`, `hbase`, `hbaseue`, `bds`.
* `version` - (Optional, Available in 1.115.0+) The engine version, singlehbase/hbase=1.1/2.0, bds=1.0.
* `diskType` - (Optional, Available in 1.115.0+) The disk type, `cloudSsd`, `cloudEssdPl1`, `cloudEfficiency`, `localHddPro`, `localSsdPro`.
* `outputFile` - (Optional) File name where to save data source results (after running `terraform plan`).

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported in addition to the arguments listed above:

* `ids` - A list of instance types type IDs. 
* `types` - (Deprecated) A list of instance types. Each element contains the following attributes:
  * `value` - Name of the instance type.
  * `cpuSize` - Cpu size of the instance type.
  * `memSize` - Mem size of the instance type.
* `masterInstanceTypes` - (Available in 1.115.0+) A list of master instance types. Each element contains the following attributes:
    * `instanceType` - Name of the instance type.
    * `cpuSize` - Cpu size of the instance type.
    * `memSize` - Mem size of the instance type.
* `coreInstanceTypes` - (Available in 1.115.0+) A list of core instance types. Each element contains the following attributes:
    * `zone` - Name of zone id.
    * `engine` - Name of the engine.
    * `version` - The version of the engine.
    * `category` - Name of the category, single or cluster.
    * `storageType` - Name of the storage type.
    * `instanceType` - Name of the instance type.
    * `instanceType` - Name of the instance type.
    * `cpuSize` - Cpu size of the instance type.
    * `memSize` - Mem size of the instance type.
    * `maxCoreCount` - Max count of the core instance nodes.

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-1e58e87f4391f0b2166d56a5a763dcc5624419d67dad061ed76c07cd82b3dd2f -->