---
subcategory: "Hybrid Backup Recovery (HBR)"
layout: "alicloud"
page_title: "Alicloud: alicloud_hbr_vaults"
sidebar_current: "docs-alicloud-datasource-hbr-vaults"
description: |-
  Provides a list of Hybrid Backup Recovery (HBR) Backup vaults to the user.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# alicloud\_hbr\_vaults

This data source provides the Hbr Vaults of the current Alibaba Cloud user.

-> **NOTE:** Available in v1.129.0+.

## Example Usage

Basic Usage

```typescript
import * as constructs from "constructs";
import * as cdktf from "cdktf";
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as alicloud from "./.gen/providers/alicloud";
class MyConvertedCode extends cdktf.TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: constructs.Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    const dataAlicloudHbrVaultsIds =
      new alicloud.dataAlicloudHbrVaults.DataAlicloudHbrVaults(this, "ids", {
        nameRegex: "^my-Vault",
      });
    new cdktf.TerraformOutput(this, "hbr_vault_id_1", {
      value: cdktf.propertyAccess(dataAlicloudHbrVaultsIds.vaults, ["0", "id"]),
    });
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `ids` - (Optional, ForceNew, Computed)  A list of Vault IDs.
* `nameRegex` - (Optional, ForceNew) A regex string to filter results by Vault name.
* `vaultType` - (Optional, ForceNew) VaultType. Valid values: `standard`,`otsBackup`.
  - `standard` - used in OSS, NAS and ECS File backup.
  - `otsBackup` -  used in OTS backup.
* `outputFile` - (Optional) File name where to save data source results (after running `terraform plan`).
* `status` - (Optional, ForceNew, Computed) The status of Vault. Valid values: `created`, `error`, `unknown`.

## Argument Reference

The following attributes are exported in addition to the arguments listed above:

* `names` - A list of vault names.
* `vaults` - A list of Hbr vaults. Each element contains the following attributes:
    * `id` - The ID of vault.
    * `vaultId` - The ID of vault, same as `id`.
    * `vaultName` - The name of vault.
    * `description` - The description of the vault.
    * `vaultStorageClass` - The storage class of vault. Valid values: `standard`.
    * `vaultType` - The type of Vault. Valid values: `standard`,`otsBackup`.
    * `vaultStatusMessage` - Error status information of Vault. Only valid for remote backup warehouses. Only the remote backup warehouse is valid.
    * `storageSize` - Backup vault storage usage. The unit is Byte.
    * `bucketName` - The name of the OSS bucket of the Vault.
    * `bytesDone` - The amount of backup data. The unit is Byte.
    * `createdTime` - The creation time of the Vault. UNIX time in seconds.
    * `updatedTime` - The update time of the Vault. UNIX time in seconds.
    * `latestReplicationTime` - The time of the last remote backup synchronization.
    * `status` - The status of Vault. Valid values: `created`, `error`, `unknown`. 
    * `paymentType` - Billing model, possible values:
        * `free` is not billed
        * `v1` common vault billing model, including back-end storage capacity, client licenses and other billing items
        * `v2` new version of metering mode
        * `aegis` Billing method for cloud security use
        * `uniBackup` the backup of deduplication database
        * `archive` archive library.
    * `replication` - Whether it is a remote backup warehouse. It's a boolean value.
    * `replicationSourceRegionId` - The region ID to which the remote backup Vault belongs.
    * `replicationSourceVaultId` - The source vault ID of the remote backup Vault.
    * `dedup` - (Internal use) Whether to enable the deduplication function for the database backup Vault.
    * `retention` - (Not yet open) Warehouse-level data retention days, only valid for archive libraries.
    * `searchEnabled` - (Not yet open) Whether to enable the backup search function.
    * `indexAvailable` - (Not yet open) Index available.
    * `indexLevel` - (Not yet open) Index level.
    * `indexUpdateTime` - (Not yet open) Index update time.



<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-9f67b4fc74cad8b8749be435aaa69891ccc21e33836611b3dfd13362f5b6d043 -->