---
subcategory: "Hybrid Backup Recovery (HBR)"
layout: "alicloud"
page_title: "Alicloud: alicloud_hbr_hana_instances"
sidebar_current: "docs-alicloud-datasource-hbr-hana-instances"
description: |-
  Provides a list of Hbr Hana Instances to the user.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# alicloud\_hbr\_hana\_instances

This data source provides the Hbr Hana Instances of the current Alibaba Cloud user.

-> **NOTE:** Available in v1.178.0+.

## Example Usage

Basic Usage

```typescript
import * as constructs from "constructs";
import * as cdktf from "cdktf";
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as alicloud from "./.gen/providers/alicloud";
class MyConvertedCode extends cdktf.TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: constructs.Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    const dataAlicloudHbrHanaInstancesIds =
      new alicloud.dataAlicloudHbrHanaInstances.DataAlicloudHbrHanaInstances(
        this,
        "ids",
        {
          ids: ["example_id"],
        }
      );
    new cdktf.TerraformOutput(this, "hbr_hana_instance_id_1", {
      value: cdktf.propertyAccess(dataAlicloudHbrHanaInstancesIds.instances, [
        "0",
        "id",
      ]),
    });
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `ids` - (Optional, ForceNew, Computed) A list of Hana Instance IDs.
* `nameRegex` - (Optional, ForceNew) A regex string to filter results by Hana Instance name.
* `outputFile` - (Optional) File name where to save data source results (after running `terraform plan`).
* `vaultId` - (Optional, ForceNew) The id of the vault.
* `status` - (Optional, ForceNew) The status of the SAP HANA instance. Valid values:
  - `initializing`: The instance is being initialized. 
  - `initialized`: The instance is registered. 
  - `invalidHanaNode`: The instance is invalid. 
  - `initializeFailed`: The client fails to be installed on the instance.

## Argument Reference

The following attributes are exported in addition to the arguments listed above:

* `names` - A list of Hbr Hana Instance names.
* `instances` - A list of Hbr Hana Instances. Each element contains the following attributes:
	* `alertSetting` - The alert settings. Valid value: `inherited`, which indicates that the backup client sends alert notifications in the same way as the backup vault.
	* `hanaInstanceId` - The ID of the SAP HANA instance.
	* `hanaName` - The name of the SAP HANA instance.
	* `host` - The private or internal IP address of the host where the primary node of the SAP HANA instance resides.
	* `id` - The ID of the Hana Instance. The value formats as `<vault_id>:<hana_instance_id>`.
	* `instanceNumber` - The instance number of the SAP HANA system.
	* `resourceGroupId` - The ID of the resource group.
	* `status` - The status of the SAP HANA instance.
	* `statusMessage` - The status information.
	* `useSsl` - Indicates whether the SAP HANA instance is connected over Secure Sockets Layer (SSL).
	* `userName` - The username of the SYSTEMDB database.
	* `validateCertificate` - Indicates whether the SSL certificate of the SAP HANA instance is verified.
	* `vaultId` - The ID of the backup vault.
<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-927039038d4e33aa9f88947ffa6e954e7d7443488eb59051ab92e28e2192959a -->