---
subcategory: "Hybrid Backup Recovery (HBR)"
layout: "alicloud"
page_title: "Alicloud: alicloud_hbr_ots_snapshots"
sidebar_current: "docs-alicloud-datasource-hbr-ots-snapshots"
description: |-
  Provides a list of Hybrid Backup Recovery (HBR) Ots Snapshots to the user.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# alicloud\_hbr\_ots\_snapshots

This data source provides the Hbr Ots Snapshots of the current Alibaba Cloud user.

-> **NOTE:** Available in v1.164.0+.

## Example Usage

Basic Usage

```typescript
import * as constructs from "constructs";
import * as cdktf from "cdktf";
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as alicloud from "./.gen/providers/alicloud";
class MyConvertedCode extends cdktf.TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: constructs.Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    new alicloud.dataAlicloudHbrOtsSnapshots.DataAlicloudHbrOtsSnapshots(
      this,
      "snapshots",
      {}
    );
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `startTime` - (Optional, ForceNew)  The start time of the backup. This value must be a UNIX timestamp. Unit: milliseconds.
* `endTime` - (Optional, ForceNew)  The end time of the backup. This value must be a UNIX timestamp. Unit: milliseconds
* `outputFile` - (Optional) File name where to save data source results (after running `terraform plan`).

## Argument Reference

The following attributes are exported in addition to the arguments listed above:

* `snapshots` - A list of Hbr Ots Snapshots. Each element contains the following attributes:
  * `status` - The status of the backup job. Valid values: `complete`,`partialComplete`,`failed`.
  * `snapshotHash` - The hash value of the backup snapshot.
  * `vaultId` - The ID of the backup vault that stores the backup snapshot.
  * `backupType` - The backup type. Valid value: `complete`, which indicates full backup.
  * `createTime` - The time when the Table store instance was created. This value is a UNIX timestamp. Unit: seconds.
  * `actualBytes` - The actual amount of backup snapshots after duplicates are removed. Unit: bytes.
  * `sourceType` - The type of the data source. Valid values: `ecsFile`,`partialComplete`,`failed`
  * `bytesTotal` - The total amount of data. Unit: bytes.
  * `completeTime` - The time when the backup snapshot was completed. This value is a UNIX timestamp. Unit: seconds.
  * `retention` - The retention period of the backup snapshot.
  * `createdTime` - The time when the backup snapshot was created. This value is a UNIX timestamp. Unit: seconds.
  * `parentSnapshotHash` - The hash value of the parent backup snapshot.
  * `startTime` - The start time of the backup snapshot. This value is a UNIX timestamp. Unit: seconds.
  * `updatedTime` - The time when the backup snapshot was updated. This value is a UNIX timestamp. Unit: seconds.
  * `snapshotId` - The ID of the backup snapshot.
  * `id` - The ID of the backup snapshot.
  * `jobId` - The ID of the backup job.
  * `instanceName` - The name of the Table store instance.
  * `tableName` - The name of the table in the Table store instance.
  * `rangeStart` - The time when the backup job started. This value is a UNIX timestamp. Unit: milliseconds.
  * `rangeEnd` - The time when the backup job ended. This value is a UNIX timestamp. Unit: milliseconds.


<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-7acfb1f71955e17655a1c55f255f46be4c09f6a9114f1f0724ee87647d2e9316 -->