---
subcategory: "ECS"
layout: "alicloud"
page_title: "Alicloud: alicloud_instance_types"
sidebar_current: "docs-alicloud-datasource-instance-types"
description: |-
    Provides a list of ECS Instance Types to be used by the alicloud_instance resource.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# alicloud\_instance\_types

This data source provides the ECS instance types of Alibaba Cloud.

~> **NOTE:** By default, only the upgraded instance types are returned. If you want to get outdated instance types, you must set `isOutdated` to true.

~> **NOTE:** If one instance type is sold out, it will not be exported.

## Example Usage

```
# Declare the data source
data "alicloud_instance_types" "types_ds" {
  cpu_core_count = 1
  memory_size    = 2
}

# Create ECS instance with the first matched instance_type

resource "alicloud_instance" "instance" {
  instance_type = "${data.alicloud_instance_types.types_ds.instance_types.0.id}"

  # Other properties...
}

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `availabilityZone` - (Optional) The zone where instance types are supported.
* `cpuCoreCount` - (Optional) Filter the results to a specific number of cpu cores.
* `memorySize` - (Optional) Filter the results to a specific memory size in GB.
* `gpuAmount` - (Optional, Available in 1.69.0+) The GPU amount of an instance type.
* `gpuSpec` - (Optional, Available in 1.69.0+) The GPU spec of an instance type.
* `instanceTypeFamily` - (Optional) Filter the results based on their family name. For example: 'ecs.n4'.
* `instanceChargeType` - (Optional) Filter the results by charge type. Valid values: `prePaid` and `postPaid`. Default to `postPaid`.
* `networkType` - (Optional) Filter the results by network type. Valid values: `classic` and `vpc`.
* `spotStrategy` - (Optional) Filter the results by ECS spot type. Valid values: `noSpot`, `spotWithPriceLimit` and `spotAsPriceGo`. Default to `noSpot`.
* `eniAmount` - (Optional) Filter the result whose network interface number is no more than `eniAmount`.
* `kubernetesNodeRole` - (Optional) Filter the result which is used to create a [kubernetes cluster](https://www.terraform.io/docs/providers/alicloud/r/cs_kubernetes)
 and [managed kubernetes cluster](https://www.terraform.io/docs/providers/alicloud/r/cs_managed_kubernetes). Optional Values: `master` and `worker`.
* `isOutdated` - (Optional, type: bool) If true, outdated instance types are included in the results. Default to false.
* `outputFile` - (Optional) File name where to save data source results (after running `terraform plan`).
* `systemDiskCategory` - (Optional, Available in 1.120.0+) Filter the results by system disk category. Valid values: `cloud`, `ephemeralSsd`, `cloudEssd`, `cloudEfficiency`, `cloudSsd`. 
  **NOTE**: Its default value `cloudEfficiency` has been removed from the version v1.150.0.
* `imageId` - (Optional, Available in 1.163.0+) The ID of the image.
* `minimumEniIpv6AddressQuantity` (Optional, ForceNew, Available in 1.193.0+) The minimum number of IPv6 addresses per ENI. **Note:** If an instance type supports fewer IPv6 addresses per ENI than the specified value, information about the instance type is not queried.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported in addition to the arguments listed above:

* `ids` - A list of instance type IDs.
* `instanceTypes` - A list of image types. Each element contains the following attributes:
  * `id` - ID of the instance type.
  * `cpuCoreCount` - Number of CPU cores.
  * `memorySize` - Size of memory, measured in GB.
  * `family` - The instance type family.
  * `availabilityZones` - List of availability zones that support the instance type.
  * `nvmeSupport` - Indicates whether the cloud disk can be attached by using the nonvolatile memory express (NVMe) protocol. Valid values:
    - required: The cloud disk can be attached by using the NVMe protocol.
    - unsupported: The cloud disk cannot be attached by using the NVMe protocol.  
  * `gpu` - The GPU attribution of an instance type:
    - amount: The amount of GPU of an instance type.
    - category: The category of GPU of an instance type.
  * `burstableInstance` - The burstable instance attribution:
    - initial_credit: The initial CPU credit of a burstable instance.
    - baseline_credit:  The compute performance benchmark CPU credit of a burstable instance.
  * `eniAmount` - The maximum number of network interfaces that an instance type can be attached to.
  * `localStorage` - Local storage of an instance type:
    - capacity: The capacity of a local storage in GB.
    - amount:  The number of local storage devices that an instance has been attached to.
    - category: The category of local storage that an instance has been attached to.

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-af4535fee6347a9e58735d62e9e6b1bc509a1cd895ee203506062e8d8bfc83f2 -->