---
subcategory: "Redis And Memcache (KVStore)"
layout: "alicloud"
page_title: "Alicloud: alicloud_kvstore_instances"
sidebar_current: "docs-alicloud-datasource-kvstore-instances"
description: |-
    Provides a collection of kvstore instances according to the specified filters.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# alicloud\_kvstore\_instances

The `alicloudKvstoreInstances` data source provides a collection of kvstore instances available in Alicloud account.
Filters support regular expression for the instance name, searches by tags, and other filters which are listed below.

## Example Usage

```typescript
import * as constructs from "constructs";
import * as cdktf from "cdktf";
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as alicloud from "./.gen/providers/alicloud";
class MyConvertedCode extends cdktf.TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: constructs.Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    const dataAlicloudKvstoreInstancesDefault =
      new alicloud.dataAlicloudKvstoreInstances.DataAlicloudKvstoreInstances(
        this,
        "default",
        {
          nameRegex: "testname",
        }
      );
    new cdktf.TerraformOutput(this, "first_instance_name", {
      value: cdktf.propertyAccess(
        dataAlicloudKvstoreInstancesDefault.instances,
        ["0", "name"]
      ),
    });
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `nameRegex` - (Optional) A regex string to apply to the instance name.
* `ids` - (Optional, Available 1.52.2+) A list of KVStore DBInstance IDs.
* `instanceType` - (Optional) The engine type of the KVStore DBInstance. Options are `memcache`, and `redis`. If no value is specified, all types are returned.
* `status` - (Optional) The status of the KVStore DBInstance. Valid values: `changing`, `cleaningUpExpiredData`, `creating`, `flushing`, `haSwitching`, `inactive`, `majorVersionUpgrading`, `migrating`, `networkModifying`, `normal`, `rebooting`, `sslModifying`, `transforming`, `zoneMigrating`.
* `instanceClass`- (Optional) Type of the applied ApsaraDB for Redis instance. For more information, see [Instance type table](https://www.alibabacloud.com/help/doc-detail/61135.htm).
* `vpcId` - (Optional) Used to retrieve instances belong to specified VPC.
* `vswitchId` - (Optional) Used to retrieve instances belong to specified `vswitch` resources.
* `tags` - (Optional) Query the instance bound to the tag. The format of the incoming value is `json` string, including `tagKey` and `tagValue`. `tagKey` cannot be null, and `tagValue` can be empty. Format example `{"key1":"value1"}`.
* `architectureType` - (Optional, Available in 1.101.0+) The type of the architecture. Valid values: `cluster`, `standard` and `splitRw`.
* `editionType` - (Optional, Available in 1.101.0+) Used to retrieve instances belong to specified `vswitch` resources.  Valid values: `enterprise`, `community`.
* `engineVersion` - (Optional, Available in 1.101.0+) The engine version. Valid values: `28`, `40`, `50`, `60`, `70`.
* `expired` - (Optional, Available in 1.101.0+) The expiration status of the instance.
* `globalInstance` - (Optional, Available in 1.101.0+) Whether to create a distributed cache.
* `networkType` - (Optional, Available in 1.101.0+) The type of the network. Valid values: `classic`, `vpc`.
* `paymentType` - (Optional, Available in 1.101.0+) The payment type. Valid values: `postPaid`, `prePaid`.
* `resourceGroupId` - (Optional, Available in 1.101.0+) The ID of the resource group.
* `searchKey` - (Optional, Available in 1.101.0+) The name of the instance.
* `zoneId` - (Optional, Available in 1.101.0+) The ID of the zone.
* `enableDetails` - (Optional, Available in 1.101.0+) Default to `false`. Set it to true can output more details.
* `outputFile` - (Optional) The name of file that can save the collection of instances after running `terraform plan`.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported in addition to the arguments listed above:

* `ids` - A list of KVStore Instance IDs.
* `names` - A list of KVStore Instance names.
* `instances` - A list of KVStore Instances. Its every element contains the following attributes:
  * `id` - The ID of the instance.
  * `name` - It has been deprecated from provider version 1.101.0 and `dbInstanceName` instead.
  * `dbInstanceName` - The name of the instance.
  * `chargeType` - It has been deprecated from provider version 1.101.0 and `paymentType` instead.
  * `paymentType` - Billing method. Valid Values: `postPaid` for  Pay-As-You-Go and `prePaid` for subscription.
  * `expireTime` - It has been deprecated from provider version 1.101.0 and `endTime` instead.
  * `endTime` - Expiration time. Pay-As-You-Go instances are never expire.
  * `availabilityZone` - It has been deprecated from provider version 1.101.0 and `zoneId` instead.
  * `zoneId` - The ID of zone.
  * `connections` - IIt has been deprecated from provider version 1.101.0 and `maxConnections` instead.
  * `maxConnections` - Instance connection quantity limit. Unit: count.
  * `status` - Status of the instance.
  * `instanceType` - (Optional) Database type. Valid Values: `memcache`, `redis`. If no value is specified, all types are returned.
  * `instanceClass`- (Optional) Type of the applied ApsaraDB for instance.
  For more information, see [Instance type table](https://www.alibabacloud.com/help/doc-detail/61135.htm).
  * `vpcId` - VPC ID the instance belongs to.
  * `vswitchId` - VSwitch ID the instance belongs to.
  * `privateIp` - Private IP address of the instance.
  * `capacity` - Capacity of the applied ApsaraDB for the instance. Unit: MB.
  * `bandwidth` - Instance bandwidth limit. Unit: Mbit/s.
  * `config` - The parameter configuration of the instance.
  * `connectionMode` - The connection mode of the instance.
  * `dbInstanceId` - The ID of the instance.
  * `destroyTime` - The time when the instance was destroyed.
  * `engineVersion` - The engine version of the instance.
  * `hasRenewChangeOrder` - Indicates whether there was an order of renewal with configuration change that had not taken effect.
  * `isRds` - Indicates whether the instance is managed by Relational Database Service (RDS).
  * `networkType` - The network type of the instance.
  * `nodeType` - The node type of the instance.
  * `packageType` - The type of the package.
  * `port` - The service port of the instance.
  * `qps` - The queries per second (QPS) supported by the instance.
  * `replacateId` - The logical ID of the replica instance.
  * `vpcCloudInstanceId` - Connection port of the instance.
  * `regionId` - Region ID the instance belongs to.
  * `createTime` - Creation time of the instance.
  * `userName` - The username of the instance.
  * `connectionDomain` - Instance connection domain (only Intranet access supported).
  * `secondaryZoneId` - (Optional, Available in 1.128.0+) The ID of the secondary zone to which you want to migrate the ApsaraDB for Redis instance.

    
    

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-0eb127581a3f0827c34aacd4a1f0f872a2904fcab19bd61ce22087a2e30edf3f -->