---
subcategory: "Lindorm"
layout: "alicloud"
page_title: "Alicloud: alicloud_lindorm_instances"
sidebar_current: "docs-alicloud-datasource-lindorm-instances"
description: |-
  Provides a list of Lindorm Instances to the user.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# alicloud\_lindorm\_instances

This data source provides the Lindorm Instances of the current Alibaba Cloud user.

-> **NOTE:** Available in v1.132.0+.

## Example Usage

Basic Usage

```typescript
import * as constructs from "constructs";
import * as cdktf from "cdktf";
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as alicloud from "./.gen/providers/alicloud";
class MyConvertedCode extends cdktf.TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: constructs.Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    const dataAlicloudLindormInstancesIds =
      new alicloud.dataAlicloudLindormInstances.DataAlicloudLindormInstances(
        this,
        "ids",
        {}
      );
    const dataAlicloudLindormInstancesNameRegex =
      new alicloud.dataAlicloudLindormInstances.DataAlicloudLindormInstances(
        this,
        "nameRegex",
        {
          nameRegex: "^my-Instance",
        }
      );
    new cdktf.TerraformOutput(this, "lindorm_instance_id_1", {
      value: cdktf.propertyAccess(dataAlicloudLindormInstancesIds.instances, [
        "0",
        "id",
      ]),
    });
    new cdktf.TerraformOutput(this, "lindorm_instance_id_2", {
      value: cdktf.propertyAccess(
        dataAlicloudLindormInstancesNameRegex.instances,
        ["0", "id"]
      ),
    });
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `enableDetails` - (Optional) Default to `false`. Set it to `true` can output more details about resource attributes.
* `ids` - (Optional, ForceNew, Computed)  A list of Instance IDs.
* `nameRegex` - (Optional, ForceNew) A regex string to filter results by Instance name.
* `outputFile` - (Optional) File name where to save data source results (after running `terraform plan`).
* `queryStr` - (Optional, ForceNew) The query str, which can use `instanceName` keyword for fuzzy search.
* `status` - (Optional, ForceNew) Instance status, Valid values: `activation`, `deleted`, `creating`, `classChanging`, `locked`, `instanceLevelModify`, `netModifying`, `resizing`, `restarting`, `minorVersionTransing`.
* `supportEngine` - (Optional, ForceNew) The support engine. Valid values: `1` to `7`. 

## Argument Reference

The following attributes are exported in addition to the arguments listed above:

* `names` - A list of Instance names.
* `instances` - A list of Lindorm Instances. Each element contains the following attributes:
	* `autoRenew` - AutoRenew.
	* `coldStorage` - The cold storage capacity of the instance. Unit: GB. 
	* `createTime` - The creation date of Instance.
	* `deletionProection` - The deletion protection of instance.
	* `diskCategory` - The disk type of instance. Valid values: `capacityCloudStorage`, `cloudEfficiency`, `cloudEssd`, `cloudSsd`.
	* `diskUsage` - The usage of disk.
	* `diskWarningThreshold` - The threshold of disk.
	* `engineType` -  The type of Instance engine .
	* `expiredTime` - The expiration time of Instance.
	* `fileEngineNodeCount` - The count of file engine.
	* `fileEngineSpecification` - The specification of file engine. Valid values: `lindormCXlarge`.
	* `id` - The ID of the Instance.
	* `instanceId` - The ID of the instance.
	* `instanceName` - The name of the instance.
	* `instanceStorage` - The storage capacity of the instance. Unit: GB. For example, the value 50 indicates 50 GB.
	* `ipWhiteList` - The ip white list of instance.
	* `ltsNodeCount` - The count of lindorm tunnel service.
	* `ltsNodeSpecification` - The specification of lindorm tunnel service. Valid values: `lindormG2Xlarge`, `lindormGXlarge`.
	* `networkType` - Instance network type, enumerative.VPC.
	* `paymentType` - The billing method. Valid values: `payAsYouGo` and `subscription`.
	* `phoenixNodeCount` - The count of phoenix.
	* `phoenixNodeSpecification` - The specification of phoenix. Valid values: `lindormC2Xlarge`, `lindormC4Xlarge`, `lindormC8Xlarge`, `lindormCXlarge`, `lindormG2Xlarge`, `lindormG4Xlarge`, `lindormG8Xlarge`, `lindormGXlarge`.
	* `resourceOwnerId` - The owner id of resource.
	* `searchEngineNodeCount` - The count of search engine.
	* `searchEngineSpecification` - The specification of search engine. Valid values: `lindormG2Xlarge`, `lindormG4Xlarge`, `lindormG8Xlarge`, `lindormGXlarge`.
	* `serviceType` - The service type of Instance, Valid values:  `lindorm`, `serverlessLindorm`, `lindormStandalone`.
	* `status` - The status of Instance, enumerative: Valid values: `activation`, `deleted`, `creating`, `classChanging`, `locked`, `instanceLevelModify`, `netModifying`, `resizing`, `restarting`, `minorVersionTransing`.
	* `tableEngineNodeCount` - The count of table engine.
	* `tableEngineSpecification` - The specification of  table engine. Valid values: `lindormC2Xlarge`, `lindormC4Xlarge`, `lindormC8Xlarge`, `lindormCXlarge`, `lindormG2Xlarge`, `lindormG4Xlarge`, `lindormG8Xlarge`, `lindormGXlarge`.
	* `timeSeriesEngineNodeCount` - The count of time series engine.
	* `timeSeriresEngineSpecification` - The specification of time series engine. Valid values: `lindormG2Xlarge`, `lindormG4Xlarge`, `lindormG8Xlarge`, `lindormGXlarge`.
	* `vpcId` - The ID of the virtual private cloud (VPC) that is connected to the instance.
	* `vswitchId` - The vswitch id.
	* `zoneId` - The zone ID of the instance.

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-2b1bc7896032d0fc4b2251313827f8c995e09bb4f899f8f91716e94e7b96a79f -->