---
subcategory: "Market Place"
layout: "alicloud"
page_title: "Alicloud: alicloud_market_products"
sidebar_current: "docs-alicloud-datasource-market-products"
description: |-
    Provides a list of Market product items.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# alicloud\_market\_products

This data source provides the Market product items of Alibaba Cloud.

-> **NOTE:** Available in 1.64.0+

## Example Usage

```
data "alicloud_market_products" "default" {
  sort         = "created_on-desc"
  category_id  = "53690006"
  product_type = "SERVICE"
}

output "first_product_code" {
  value = "${data.alicloud_market_products.default.product_items.0.code}"
}

output "product_codes" {
  value = "${data.alicloud_market_products.default.ids}"
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `nameRegex` - (Optional, Available 1.66.0+) A regex string to apply to the product name.
* `ids` - (Optional, Available 1.66.0+) A list of product code.
* `sort` - (Optional, ForceNew) This field determines how to sort the filtered results, Valid values: `userCountDesc`, `createdOnDesc`, `priceDesc` and `scoreDesc`.
* `categoryId` - (Optional, ForceNew) The Category ID of products. For more information, see [DescribeProducts](https://help.aliyun.com/document_detail/89834.htm). 
* `productType` - (Optional, ForceNew) The type of products, Valid values: `app`, `service`, `mirror`, `download` and `apiService`.
* `searchTerm` - (Optional, ForceNew, Available 1.69.0+) Search term in this query.
* `supplierId` - (Optional, ForceNew, Available 1.71.1+) The supplier id of the product.
* `supplierNameKeyword` - (Optional, ForceNew, Available 1.71.1+) The supplier name keyword of the product.
* `suggestedPrice` - (Optional, ForceNew, Available 1.71.1+) The suggested price of the product.
* `outputFile` - (Optional) File name where to save data source results (after running `terraform plan`).

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported in addition to the arguments listed above:

* `ids` - A list of product codes.
* `products` - A list of products. Each element contains the following attributes:
  * `code` - The code of the product.
  * `name` - The name of the product.
  * `categoryId` - The category id of the product.
  * `supplierId` - The supplier id of the product.
  * `supplierName` - The supplier name of the product.
  * `shortDescription` - The short description of the product.
  * `tags` - The tags of the product.
  * `suggestedPrice` - The suggested price of the product.
  * `targetUrl` - The detail page URL of the product.
  * `imageUrl` - The image URL of the product.
  * `score` - The rating information of the product.
  * `operationSystem` - The operation system of the product.
  * `warrantyDate` - The warranty date of the product.
  * `deliveryDate` - The delivery date of the product.
  * `deliveryWay` - The delivery way of the product.
 

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-c0ff702d123d5b41da63cb28a3bd4c7f4228f08eba79f4d219b60977262573c2 -->