---
subcategory: "Message Service"
layout: "alicloud"
page_title: "Alicloud: alicloud_message_service_queues"
sidebar_current: "docs-alicloud-datasource-message-service-queues"
description: |-
  Provides a list of Message Notification Service Queues to the user.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# alicloud\_message\_service\_queues

This data source provides the Message Notification Service Queues of the current Alibaba Cloud user.

-> **NOTE:** Available in v1.188.0+.

## Example Usage

```typescript
import * as constructs from "constructs";
import * as cdktf from "cdktf";
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as alicloud from "./.gen/providers/alicloud";
class MyConvertedCode extends cdktf.TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: constructs.Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    const dataAlicloudMessageServiceQueuesIds =
      new alicloud.dataAlicloudMessageServiceQueues.DataAlicloudMessageServiceQueues(
        this,
        "ids",
        {
          ids: ["example_id"],
        }
      );
    const dataAlicloudMessageServiceQueuesName =
      new alicloud.dataAlicloudMessageServiceQueues.DataAlicloudMessageServiceQueues(
        this,
        "name",
        {
          queueName: "tf-example",
        }
      );
    new cdktf.TerraformOutput(this, "queue_id_1", {
      value: cdktf.propertyAccess(dataAlicloudMessageServiceQueuesIds.queues, [
        "0",
        "id",
      ]),
    });
    new cdktf.TerraformOutput(this, "queue_id_2", {
      value: cdktf.propertyAccess(dataAlicloudMessageServiceQueuesName.queues, [
        "0",
        "id",
      ]),
    });
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `ids` - (Optional, ForceNew, Computed) A list of Queue IDs. Its element value is same as Queue Name.
* `nameRegex` - (Optional, ForceNew) A regex string to filter results by Queue name.
* `queueName` - (Optional, ForceNew) The name of the queue.
* `outputFile` - (Optional) File name where to save data source results (after running `terraform plan`).

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported in addition to the arguments listed above:

* `names` - A list of Queue names. 
* `queues` - A list of Queues. Each element contains the following attributes:
  * `id` - The ID of the Queue. Its value is same as Queue Name.
  * `queueName` - The name of the queue.
  * `delaySeconds` - The delay period after which all messages that are sent to the queue can be consumed. Unit: seconds.
  * `maximumMessageSize` - The maximum size of a message body that can be sent to the queue. Unit: bytes.
  * `messageRetentionPeriod` - The maximum period for which a message can be retained in the queue. A message that is sent to the queue can be retained for a specified period. After the specified period ends, the message is deleted no matter whether it is consumed. Unit: seconds.
  * `visibilityTimeout` - The invisibility period for which the received message remains the Inactive state. Unit: seconds.
  * `pollingWaitSeconds` - The maximum period for which a ReceiveMessage request waits if no message is available in the queue. Unit: seconds.
  * `loggingEnabled` - Indicates whether the log management feature is enabled for the queue.
  * `activeMessages` - The total number of messages that are in the Active state in the queue. The value is an approximate number.
  * `inactiveMessages` - The total number of the messages that are in the Inactive state in the queue. The value is an approximate number.
  * `delayMessages` - The total number of the messages that are in the Delayed state in the queue. The value is an approximate number.
  * `queueUrl` - The url of the queue.
  * `queueInternalUrl` - The internal url of the queue.
  * `lastModifyTime` - The time when the queue was last modified. This value is a UNIX timestamp representing the number of milliseconds that have elapsed since the epoch time January 1, 1970, 00:00:00 UTC.
  * `createTime` - The time when the queue was created. This value is a UNIX timestamp representing the number of milliseconds that have elapsed since the epoch time January 1, 1970, 00:00:00 UTC.
<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-72f200d220c81e2a2a2525757e4dd3407d07507897c3885cc84cc31603b05ec8 -->