---
subcategory: "NAT Gateway"
layout: "alicloud"
page_title: "Alicloud: alicloud_nat_gateways"
sidebar_current: "docs-alicloud-datasource-nat-gateways"
description: |-
    Provides a list of Nat Gateways owned by an Alibaba Cloud account.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# alicloud\_nat\_gateways

This data source provides a list of Nat Gateways owned by an Alibaba Cloud account.

-> **NOTE:** Available in 1.37.0+.

## Example Usage

```terraform
variable "name" {
  default = "natGatewaysDatasource"
}

data "alicloud_zones" "default" {
  available_resource_creation = "VSwitch"
}

resource "alicloud_vpc" "foo" {
  vpc_name   = "${var.name}"
  cidr_block = "172.16.0.0/12"
}

resource "alicloud_nat_gateway" "foo" {
  vpc_id        = "${alicloud_vpc.foo.id}"
  specification = "Small"
  nat_gate_name = "${var.name}"
}

data "alicloud_nat_gateways" "foo" {
  vpc_id     = "${alicloud_vpc.foo.id}"
  name_regex = "${alicloud_nat_gateway.foo.name}"
  ids        = ["${alicloud_nat_gateway.foo.id}"]
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `ids` - (Optional) A list of NAT gateways IDs.
* `nameRegex` - (Optional) A regex string to filter nat gateways by name.
* `vpcId` - (Optional) The ID of the VPC.
* `outputFile` - (Optional) File name where to save data source results (after running `terraform plan`).
* `dryRun` - (Optional, ForceNew, Available in 1.121.0+) Specifies whether to only precheck the request.
* `natGatewayName` - (Optional, ForceNew, Available in 1.121.0+) The name of NAT gateway.
* `natType` - (Optional, ForceNew, Available in 1.121.0+) The nat type of NAT gateway. Valid values `enhanced` and `normal`.
* `paymentType` - (Optional, ForceNew, Available in 1.121.0+) The payment type of NAT gateway. Valid values `payAsYouGo` and `subscription`.
* `resourceGroupId` - (Optional, ForceNew, Available in 1.121.0+) The resource group id of NAT gateway.
* `specification` - (Optional, ForceNew, Available in 1.121.0+) The specification of NAT gateway. Valid values `middle`, `large`, `small` and `xLarge1`. Default value is `small`.
* `status` - (Optional, ForceNew, Available in 1.121.0+) The status of NAT gateway. Valid values `available`, `converting`, `creating`, `deleting` and `modifying`.
* `tags` - (Optional, ForceNew, Available in 1.121.0+) The tags of NAT gateway.
* `enableDetails` - (Optional, Available in 1.121.0+) Default to `false`. Set it to `true` can output more details about resource attributes.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported in addition to the arguments listed above:

* `ids` - (Optional) A list of Nat gateways IDs.
* `names` - A list of Nat gateways names.
* `gateways` - A list of Nat gateways. Each element contains the following attributes:
  * `id` - The ID of the NAT gateway.
  * `name` - Name of the NAT gateway.
  * `description` - The description of the NAT gateway.
  * `creationTime` - (Deprecated form v1.121.0) Time of creation.
  * `spec` - The specification of the NAT gateway.
  * `status` - The status of the NAT gateway.
  * `snatTableId` - Deprecated from v1.121.0, replace by snat_table_ids.
  * `snatTableIds` - The ID of the SNAT table that is associated with the NAT gateway.
  * `forwardTableId` - Deprecated from v1.121.0, replace by forward_table_ids.
  * `forwardTableIds` - The ID of the DNAT table.
  * `vpcId` - The ID of the VPC.
  * `ipLists` - The ip address of the bind eip.
  * `businessStatus` - The state of the NAT gateway.
  * `deletionProtection` - Indicates whether deletion protection is enabled.
  * `ecsMetricEnabled` - Indicates whether the traffic monitoring feature is enabled.
  * `expiredTime` - The time when the NAT gateway expires.
  * `internetChargeType` - The metering method of the NAT gateway.  
  * `natGatewayId` - The ID of the NAT gateway.
  * `natGatewayName` - The name of the NAT gateway.
  * `networkType` - (Available in 1.137.0+) Indicates the type of the created NAT gateway. Valid values `internet` and `intranet`.
  * `natType` - The type of the NAT gateway. 
  * `paymentType` - The billing method of the NAT gateway. 
  * `resourceGroupId` - The ID of the resource group.
  * `specification` - The specification of the NAT gateway.
  * `vswitchId` - The ID of the vSwitch to which the NAT gateway belongs.
  * `tags` - The tags of NAT gateway.


<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-9aaaf4cecc395da766311e0ad70c1bf8df8fdae63ff6560f756d8891aa863a26 -->