---
subcategory: "VPC"
layout: "alicloud"
page_title: "Alicloud: alicloud_network_acls"
sidebar_current: "docs-alicloud-datasource-network-acls"
description: |-
  Provides a list of Network Acls to the user.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# alicloud\_network\_acls

This data source provides the Network Acls of the current Alibaba Cloud user.

-> **NOTE:** Available in v1.122.0+.

## Example Usage

Basic Usage

```typescript
import * as constructs from "constructs";
import * as cdktf from "cdktf";
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as alicloud from "./.gen/providers/alicloud";
class MyConvertedCode extends cdktf.TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: constructs.Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    const dataAlicloudNetworkAclsExample =
      new alicloud.dataAlicloudNetworkAcls.DataAlicloudNetworkAcls(
        this,
        "example",
        {
          ids: ["example_value"],
          nameRegex: "the_resource_name",
        }
      );
    new cdktf.TerraformOutput(this, "first_network_acl_id", {
      value: cdktf.propertyAccess(dataAlicloudNetworkAclsExample.acls, [
        "0",
        "id",
      ]),
    });
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `ids` - (Optional, ForceNew) A list of Network Acl ID.
* `nameRegex` - (Optional, ForceNew) A regex string to filter results by Network Acl name.
* `networkAclName` - (Optional, ForceNew) The name of the network ACL.
* `outputFile` - (Optional) File name where to save data source results (after running `terraform plan`).
* `status` - (Optional, ForceNew) The state of the network ACL. Valid values: `available` and `modifying`.
* `vpcId` - (Optional, ForceNew) The ID of the associated VPC.
* `resourceType` - (Optional, ForceNew) The type of the associated resource. Valid values `vSwitch`. `resourceType` and `resourceId` need to be specified at the same time to take effect.
* `resourceId` - (Optional, ForceNew) The ID of the associated resource.

## Argument Reference

The following attributes are exported in addition to the arguments listed above:

* `names` - A list of Network Acl names.
* `acls` - A list of Network Acls. Each element contains the following attributes:
	* `description` - Description of network ACL information.
	* `egressAclEntries` - Output direction rule information.
		* `description` - Give the description information of the direction rule.
		* `destinationCidrIp` - The destination address segment.
		* `networkAclEntryName` - The name of the entry for the direction rule.
		* `policy` - The  authorization policy.
		* `port` - Destination port range.
		* `protocol` - Transport  layer protocol.
	* `id` - The ID of the Network Acl.
	* `ingressAclEntries` - Entry direction rule information.
		* `sourceCidrIp` - The source address field.
		* `description` - Description of the entry direction rule.
		* `networkAclEntryName` - The name of the entry direction rule entry.
		* `policy` - The authorization policy.
		* `port` - Source port range.
		* `protocol` - Transport layer protocol.
	* `networkAclId` - The first ID of the resource.
	* `networkAclName` - The name of the network ACL.
	* `resources` - The associated resource.
		* `resourceId` - The ID of the associated resource.
		* `resourceType` - The type of the associated resource.
		* `status` - The state of the associated resource.
	* `status` - The state of the network ACL.
	* `vpcId` - The ID of the associated VPC.

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-2b88c6fed535534cd54d0d6e7fbd30db6454c96239136cb7e27fb6c7f3abf9a0 -->