---
subcategory: "Network Load Balancer (NLB)"
layout: "alicloud"
page_title: "Alicloud: alicloud_nlb_listeners"
sidebar_current: "docs-alicloud-datasource-nlb-listeners"
description: |-
  Provides a list of Nlb Listeners to the user.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# alicloud\_nlb\_listeners

This data source provides the Nlb Listeners of the current Alibaba Cloud user.

-> **NOTE:** Available in v1.191.0+.

## Example Usage

Basic Usage

```terraform
data "alicloud_nlb_listeners" "ids" {
  ids = ["example_value"]
}
output "alicloud_nlb_listener_id_1" {
  value = data.alicloud_nlb_listeners.ids.policies.0.id
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `listenerProtocol` - (Optional, ForceNew) The listening protocol. Valid values: `tcp`, `udp`, or `tcpssl`.
* `loadBalancerIds` - (Optional, ForceNew) The ID of the NLB instance. You can specify at most 20 IDs.
* `ids` - (Optional, ForceNew, Computed)  A list of Listener IDs.
* `outputFile` - (Optional) File name where to save data source results (after running `terraform plan`).

## Argument Reference

The following attributes are exported in addition to the arguments listed above:

* `listeners` - A list of Nlb Listeners. Each element contains the following attributes:
	* `alpnEnabled` - ndicates whether Application-Layer Protocol Negotiation (ALPN) is enabled.
	* `alpnPolicy` - The ALPN policy.
	* `caCertificateIds` - CA certificate list information. Currently, only one CA certificate can be added. **NOTE:** This parameter only takes effect for `tcpssl` listeners.
	* `caEnabled` - Whether to start two-way authentication.
	* `certificateIds` - Server certificate list information. Currently, only one server certificate can be added. This parameter only takes effect for `tcpssl` listeners.
	* `cps` - The new connection speed limit for a network-based load balancing instance per second. Valid values: `0` ~ `1000000`. `0` indicates unlimited speed.
	* `endPort` - Full port listening end port. Valid values: `0` ~ `65535`. The value of the end port is less than the start port.
	* `idleTimeout` - Connection idle timeout time. Unit: seconds. Valid values: `1` ~ `900`.
	* `listenerDescription` - Custom listener name. The length is limited to 2 to 256 characters, supports Chinese and English letters, and can include numbers, commas (,), half-width periods (.), half-width semicolons (;), forward slashes (/), at(@), underscores (_), and dashes (-).
	* `listenerId` - The ID of the listener.
	* `listenerPort` - Listening port. Valid values: `0` ~ `65535`. `0`: indicates that full port listening is used. When set to 0, you must configure `startPort` and `endPort`.
	* `listenerProtocol` - The listening protocol. Valid values: `tcp`, `udp`, or `tcpssl`.
	* `loadBalancerId` - The ID of the network-based server load balancer instance.
	* `mss` - The maximum segment size of the TCP message. Unit: Bytes. Valid values: `0` ~ `1500`. `0` indicates that the MSS value of the TCP message is not modified. only `tcp` and `tcpssl` listeners support this field value.
	* `proxyProtocolEnabled` - Whether to enable the Proxy Protocol to carry the source address of the client to the backend server.
	* `secSensorEnabled` - Indicates whether fine-grained monitoring is enabled.
	* `securityPolicyId` - Security policy ID. Support system security policies and custom security policies. Valid values: `tlsCipherPolicy10`, `tlsCipherPolicy11`, `tlsCipherPolicy12`, `tlsCipherPolicy12Strict`, or `tlsCipherPolicy12StrictWith13`. **Note:** This parameter only takes effect for `tcpssl` listeners.
	* `serverGroupId` - The ID of the server group.
	* `startPort` - Full Port listens to the starting port. Valid values: `0` ~ `65535`.
	* `status` - The status of the resource.
	* `id` - The ID of the Nlb Listener.
<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-2f7a374d91f4867d3757e1294a470a65c421e84a1df8eba12808a9d37935fc6e -->