---
subcategory: "Network Load Balancer (NLB)"
layout: "alicloud"
page_title: "Alicloud: alicloud_nlb_load_balancers"
sidebar_current: "docs-alicloud-datasource-nlb-load-balancers"
description: |-
  Provides a list of Nlb Load Balancers to the user.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# alicloud\_nlb\_load\_balancers 

This data source provides the Nlb Load Balancers of the current Alibaba Cloud user.

-> **NOTE:** Available in v1.191.0+.

## Example Usage

Basic Usage

```typescript
import * as constructs from "constructs";
import * as cdktf from "cdktf";
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as alicloud from "./.gen/providers/alicloud";
class MyConvertedCode extends cdktf.TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: constructs.Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    const dataAlicloudNlbLoadBalancersIds =
      new alicloud.dataAlicloudNlbLoadBalancers.DataAlicloudNlbLoadBalancers(
        this,
        "ids",
        {
          ids: ["example_id"],
        }
      );
    const dataAlicloudNlbLoadBalancersNameRegex =
      new alicloud.dataAlicloudNlbLoadBalancers.DataAlicloudNlbLoadBalancers(
        this,
        "nameRegex",
        {
          nameRegex: "^my-LoadBalancer",
        }
      );
    new cdktf.TerraformOutput(this, "nlb_load_balancer_id_1", {
      value: cdktf.propertyAccess(dataAlicloudNlbLoadBalancersIds.balancers, [
        "0",
        "id",
      ]),
    });
    new cdktf.TerraformOutput(this, "nlb_load_balancer_id_2", {
      value: cdktf.propertyAccess(
        dataAlicloudNlbLoadBalancersNameRegex.balancers,
        ["0", "id"]
      ),
    });
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `addressIpVersion` - (Optional, ForceNew) The IP version. Valid values: `ipv4`, `dualStack`.
* `addressType` - (Optional, ForceNew) The type of IPv4 address used by the NLB instance. Valid values: `internet`, `intranet`.
* `ipv6AddressType` - (Optional, ForceNew) The type of IPv6 address used by the NLB instance. Valid values: `internet`, `intranet`.
* `dnsName` - (Optional, ForceNew) The domain name of the NLB instance.
* `ids` - (Optional, ForceNew, Computed)  A list of Load Balancer IDs.
* `loadBalancerBusinessStatus` - (Optional, ForceNew) The business status of the NLB instance. Valid values: `abnormal`, `normal`.
* `loadBalancerIds` - (Optional, ForceNew) The ID of the NLB instance. You can specify at most 20 IDs.
* `nameRegex` - (Optional, ForceNew) A regex string to filter results by Load Balancer name.
* `outputFile` - (Optional) File name where to save data source results (after running `terraform plan`).
* `resourceGroupId` - (Optional, ForceNew) The ID of the resource group.
* `status` - (Optional, ForceNew) The status of the NLB instance. Valid values: `inactive`, `active`, `provisioning`, `configuring`, `deleting`, `deleted`.
* `vpcIds` - (Optional, ForceNew) The ID of the virtual private cloud (VPC) where the NLB instance is deployed. You can specify at most 10 IDs.
* `zoneId` - (Optional, ForceNew) The name of the zone.
* `loadBalancerNames` - (Optional, ForceNew) The name of the NLB instance. You can specify at most 10 names.

## Argument Reference

The following attributes are exported in addition to the arguments listed above:

* `names` - A list of Load Balancer names.
* `balancers` - A list of Nlb Load Balancers. Each element contains the following attributes:
	* `id` - The ID of the NLB instance.
	* `addressIpVersion` - The IP version.
	* `addressType` - The type of IPv4 address used by the NLB instance.
	* `createTime` - The time when the resource was created. The time is displayed in UTC in `yyyyMmDdThh:mm:ssZ` format.
	* `crossZoneEnabled` - Indicates whether cross-zone load balancing is enabled for the NLB instance.
	* `dnsName` - The domain name of the NLB instance.
	* `loadBalancerBusinessStatus` - The business status of the NLB instance.
	* `loadBalancerName` - The name of the NLB instance.
	* `loadBalancerId` - The ID of the NLB instance.
	* `ipv6AddressType` - The type of IPv6 address used by the NLB instance.
	* `loadBalancerType` - The type of the SLB instance. Only Network is supported, which indicates NLB.
	* `resourceGroupId` - The ID of the resource group.
	* `bandwidthPackageId` - The ID of the EIP bandwidth plan that is associated with the NLB instance if the NLB instance uses a public IP address.
	* `securityGroupIds` - The security group to which the NLB instance belongs.
	* `status` - The status of the NLB instance.
	* `vpcId` - The ID of the VPC where the NLB instance is deployed.
	* `tags` - The tag of the resource.
	* `operationLocks` - The configuration of the operation lock. This parameter takes effect if LoadBalancerBussinessStatus is Abnormal.
		* `lockType` - The type of lock.
		* `lockReason` - The reason why the NLB instance is locked.
	* `zoneMappings` - The zones and the vSwitches in the zones. An NLB instance can be deployed across 2 to 10 zones.
		* `allocationId` - The ID of the elastic IP address (EIP).
		* `eniId` - The ID of the elastic network interface (ENI) attached to the NLB instance.
		* `privateIpv4Address` - The private IPv4 address used by the NLB instance.
		* `publicIpv4Address` - The public IPv4 address used by the NLB instance.
		* `vswitchId` - The ID of the vSwitch. By default, you can specify one vSwitch (subnet) in each zone of the NLB instance.
		* `zoneId` - The name of the zone. 
		* `ipv6Address` - The IPv6 address of the NLB instance.
<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-5aeea8d0580d7eefddda42daf9a9da85b2c4d3fc1dba6cc87848704425ba0f1f -->