---
subcategory: "Operation Orchestration Service (OOS)"
layout: "alicloud"
page_title: "Alicloud: alicloud_oos_templates"
sidebar_current: "docs-alicloud-datasource-oos-templates"
description: |-
    Provides a list of OOS Templates.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# alicloud\_oos\_templates

This data source provides a list of OOS Templates in an Alibaba Cloud account according to the specified filters.
 
-> **NOTE:** Available in v1.92.0+.

## Example Usage

```typescript
import * as constructs from "constructs";
import * as cdktf from "cdktf";
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as alicloud from "./.gen/providers/alicloud";
class MyConvertedCode extends cdktf.TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: constructs.Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    const dataAlicloudOosTemplatesExample =
      new alicloud.dataAlicloudOosTemplates.DataAlicloudOosTemplates(
        this,
        "example",
        {
          hasTrigger: false,
          nameRegex: "test",
          shareType: "Private",
          tags: {
            Created: "TF",
            For: "template Test",
          },
        }
      );
    new cdktf.TerraformOutput(this, "first_template_name", {
      value: cdktf.propertyAccess(dataAlicloudOosTemplatesExample.templates, [
        "0",
        "template_name",
      ]),
    });
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `ids` - (Optional) A list of OOS Template ids. Each element in the list is same as template_name.
* `nameRegex` - (Optional) A regex string to filter the results by the template_name.
* `category` - (Optional) The category of template.
* `createdBy` - (Optional) The creator of the template.
* `createdDate` - (Optional) The template whose creation time is less than or equal to the specified time. The format is: YYYY-MM-DDThh:mm::ssZ.
* `hasTrigger` - (Optional) Is it triggered successfully.
* `shareType` - (Optional) The sharing type of the template. Valid values: `private`, `public`.
* `tags` - (Optional) A mapping of tags to assign to the resource.
* `templateFormat` - (Optional) The format of the template. Valid values: `json`, `yaml`.
* `templateType` - (Optional) The type of OOS Template.
* `sortField` - (Optional) Sort field. Valid values: `totalExecutionCount`, `popularity`, `templateName` and `createdDate`. Default to `totalExecutionCount`.
* `sortOrder` - (Optional) Sort order. Valid values: `ascending`, `descending`. Default to `descending`
* `createdDateAfter` - (Optional) Create a template whose time is greater than or equal to the specified time. The format is: YYYY-MM-DDThh:mm:ssZ.
* `outputFile` - (Optional) File name where to save data source results (after running `terraform plan`).

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported in addition to the arguments listed above:

* `ids` -  A list of OOS Template ids. Each element in the list is same as template_name.
* `names` -  (Available in v1.114.0+) A list of OOS Template names.
* `templates` - A list of OOS Templates. Each element contains the following attributes:
  * `id` - ID of the OOS Template. The value is same as template_name.
  * `templateName` - Name of the OOS Template.
  * `description` - Description of the OOS Template.
  * `templateId` - ID of the OOS Template resource.
  * `templateVersion` - Version of the OOS Template.
  * `updatedBy` - The user who updated the template.
  * `updatedDate` - The time when the template was updated.


<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-436258894b2b260cb34771892c9b6957d5de66780ba572d2a3863ea420b2929e -->