---
subcategory: "Operation Orchestration Service (OOS)"
layout: "alicloud"
page_title: "Alicloud: alicloud_oos_executions"
sidebar_current: "docs-alicloud-datasource-oos-executions"
description: |-
    Provides a list of OOS Executions.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# alicloud\_oos\_executions

This data source provides a list of OOS Executions in an Alibaba Cloud account according to the specified filters.
 
-> **NOTE:** Available in v1.93.0+.

## Example Usage

```typescript
import * as constructs from "constructs";
import * as cdktf from "cdktf";
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as alicloud from "./.gen/providers/alicloud";
class MyConvertedCode extends cdktf.TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: constructs.Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    const dataAlicloudOosExecutionsExample =
      new alicloud.dataAlicloudOosExecutions.DataAlicloudOosExecutions(
        this,
        "example",
        {
          ids: ["execution_id"],
          status: "Success",
          templateName: "name",
        }
      );
    new cdktf.TerraformOutput(this, "first_execution_id", {
      value: cdktf.propertyAccess(dataAlicloudOosExecutionsExample.executions, [
        "0",
        "id",
      ]),
    });
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `ids` - (Optional) A list of OOS Execution ids.
* `category` - (Optional) The category of template. Valid: `alarmTrigger`, `eventTrigger`, `other` and `timerTrigger`.
* `endDate` - (Optional) The time when the execution was ended.
* `endDateAfter` - (Optional) Execution whose end time is less than or equal to the specified time.
* `executedBy` - (Optional) The user who execute the template.
* `includeChildExecution` - (Optional) Whether to include sub-execution.
* `mode` - (Optional) The mode of OOS Execution. Valid: `automatic`, `debug`.
* `tags` - (Optional) A mapping of tags to assign to the resource.
* `parentExecutionId` - (Optional) The id of parent OOS Execution.
* `ramRole` - (Optional) The role that executes the current template.
* `sortField` - (Optional) The sort field.
* `sortOrder` - (Optional) The sort order.
* `startDateAfter` - (Optional) The execution whose start time is greater than or equal to the specified time.
* `startDateBefore` - (Optional) The execution with start time less than or equal to the specified time.
* `status` - (Optional) The Status of OOS Execution. Valid: `cancelled`, `failed`, `queued`, `running`, `started`, `success`, `waiting`.
* `templateName` - (Optional) The name of execution template.
* `outputFile` - (Optional) File name where to save data source results (after running `terraform plan`).

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported in addition to the arguments listed above:

* `ids` -  A list of OOS Execution ids.
* `executions` - A list of OOS Executions. Each element contains the following attributes:
  * `id` - ID of the OOS Executions.
  * `counters` - The counters of OOS Execution.
  * `createDate` - The time when the execution was created.
  * `executionId` - ID of the OOS Executions.
  * `isParent` - Whether to include subtasks.
  * `outputs` - The outputs of OOS Executions.
  * `parameters` - The parameters required by the template
  * `startDate` - The time when the template was started.
  * `statusMessage` - The message of status.
  * `statusReason` - The reason of status.
  * `templateId` - The id of execution template.
  * `templateVersion` - The version of execution template.
  * `updateDate` - The time when the template was updated.

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-5267592bb5c73bfa41b3a2f24a68ddbd56527b5ad3ecbcc6f60580da82d0514d -->