---
subcategory: "OSS"
layout: "alicloud"
page_title: "Alicloud: alicloud_oss_buckets"
sidebar_current: "docs-alicloud-datasource-oss-buckets"
description: |-
    Provides a list of OSS buckets to the user.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# alicloud\_oss_buckets

This data source provides the OSS buckets of the current Alibaba Cloud user.

## Example Usage

```typescript
import * as constructs from "constructs";
import * as cdktf from "cdktf";
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as alicloud from "./.gen/providers/alicloud";
class MyConvertedCode extends cdktf.TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: constructs.Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    const dataAlicloudOssBucketsOssBucketsDs =
      new alicloud.dataAlicloudOssBuckets.DataAlicloudOssBuckets(
        this,
        "oss_buckets_ds",
        {
          nameRegex: "sample_oss_bucket",
        }
      );
    new cdktf.TerraformOutput(this, "first_oss_bucket_name", {
      value: cdktf.propertyAccess(dataAlicloudOssBucketsOssBucketsDs.buckets, [
        "0",
        "name",
      ]),
    });
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `nameRegex` - (Optional) A regex string to filter results by bucket name.
* `outputFile` - (Optional) File name where to save data source results (after running `terraform plan`).

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported in addition to the arguments listed above:

* `names` - A list of bucket names. 
* `buckets` - A list of buckets. Each element contains the following attributes:
  * `name` - Bucket name.
  * `acl` - Bucket access control list. Possible values: `private`, `publicRead` and `publicReadWrite`.
  * `extranetEndpoint` - Internet domain name for accessing the bucket from outside.
  * `intranetEndpoint` - Intranet domain name for accessing the bucket from an ECS instance in the same region.
  * `location` - Region of the data center where the bucket is located.
  * `owner` - Bucket owner.
  * `storageClass` - Object storage type. Possible values: `standard`, `ia`, `archive` and `coldArchive`.
  * `redundancyType` - Redundancy type. Possible values: `lrs`, and `zrs`.
  * `creationDate` - Bucket creation date.
  * `corsRules` - A list of CORS rule configurations. Each element contains the following attributes:
    * `allowedOrigins` - The origins allowed for cross-domain requests. Multiple elements can be used to specify multiple allowed origins. Each rule allows up to one wildcard "\*". If "\*" is specified, cross-domain requests of all origins are allowed.
    * `allowedMethods` - Specify the allowed methods for cross-domain requests. Possible values: `get`, `put`, `delete`, `post` and `head`.
    * `allowedHeaders` - Control whether the headers specified by Access-Control-Request-Headers in the OPTIONS prefetch command are allowed. Each header specified by Access-Control-Request-Headers must match a value in AllowedHeader. Each rule allows up to one wildcard “*” .
    * `exposeHeaders` - Specify the response headers allowing users to access from an application (for example, a Javascript XMLHttpRequest object). The wildcard "\*" is not allowed.
    * `maxAgeSeconds` - Specify the cache time for the returned result of a browser prefetch (OPTIONS) request to a specific resource.
  * `website` - A list of one element containing configuration parameters used when the bucket is used as a website. It contains the following attributes:
    * `indexDocument` - Key of the HTML document containing the home page.
    * `errorDocument` - Key of the HTML document containing the error page.
  * `logging` - A list of one element containing configuration parameters used for storing access log information. It contains the following attributes:
    * `targetBucket` - Bucket for storing access logs.
    * `targetPrefix` - Prefix of the saved access log file paths.
  * `refererConfig` - A list of one element containing referer configuration. It contains the following attributes:
    * `allowEmpty` - Indicate whether the access request referer field can be empty.
    * `referers` - Referer access whitelist.
  * `lifecycleRule` - A list CORS of lifecycle configurations. When Lifecycle is enabled, OSS automatically deletes the objects or transitions the objects (to another storage class) corresponding the lifecycle rules on a regular basis. Each element contains the following attributes:
    * `id` - Unique ID of the rule.
    * `prefix` - Prefix applicable to a rule. Only those objects with a matching prefix can be affected by the rule.
    * `enabled` - Indicate whether the rule is enabled or not.
    * `expiration` - A list of one element containing expiration attributes of an object. It contains the following attributes:
      * `date` - Date after which the rule to take effect. The format is like 2017-03-09.
      * `days` - Indicate the number of days after the last object update until the rules take effect.
  * `serverSideEncryptionRule` - A configuration of default encryption for a bucket. It contains the following attributes:
    * `sseAlgorithm` - The server-side encryption algorithm to use.
    * `kmsMasterKeyId` -  The alibaba cloud KMS master key ID used for the SSE-KMS encryption. 
  * `tags` - A mapping of tags.
  * `versioning` - If present , the versioning state has been set on the bucket. It contains the following attribute.
      * `status` - A bucket versioning state. Possible values:`enabled` and `suspended`.

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-ec2460bffa3e0511229bb59f00207510dae8a123ba0d489ac3f3faa5f675a633 -->