---
subcategory: "PolarDB"
layout: "alicloud"
page_title: "Alicloud: alicloud_polardb_endpoints"
sidebar_current: "docs-alicloud-datasource-polardb-endpoints"
description: |-
    Provides a collection of PolarDB endpoints according to the specified filters.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# alicloud\_polardb\_endpoints

The `alicloudPolardbEndpoints` data source provides a collection of PolarDB endpoints available in Alibaba Cloud account.
Filters support regular expression for the cluster name, searches by clusterId, and other filters which are listed below.

-> **NOTE:** Available in v1.68.0+.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "alicloud_polardb_clusters" "polardb_clusters_ds" {
  description_regex = "pc-\\w+"
  status            = "Running"
}

data "alicloud_polardb_endpoints" "default" {
  db_cluster_id = data.alicloud_polardb_clusters.polardb_clusters_ds.clusters.0.id
}

output "endpoint" {
  value = data.alicloud_polardb_endpoints.default.endpoints[0].db_endpoint_id
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `dbClusterId` - (Required, ForceNew) PolarDB cluster ID. 
* `dbEndpointId` - (Optional) endpoint of the cluster.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported in addition to the arguments listed above:

* `endpoints` - A list of PolarDB cluster endpoints. Each element contains the following attributes:
  * `dbEndpointId` - The endpoint ID.
  * `autoAddNewNodes` - Whether the new node is automatically added to the default cluster address.Options are `enable` and `disable`.
  * `endpointConfig` - The Endpoint configuration. `consistLevel`: session consistency level, value:`0`: final consistency,`1`: session consistency;`loadBalanceStrategy`: load balancing strategy. Based on the automatic scheduling of load, the value is: `load`.
  * `endpointType` - Cluster address type.`cluster`: the default address of the Cluster.`primary`: Primary address.`custom`: Custom cluster addresses.
  * `nodes` - A list of nodes that connect to the address configuration.
  * `readWriteMode` - Read-write mode:`readWrite`: readable and writable (automatic read-write separation).`readOnly`: ReadOnly.
  * `addressItems` - A list of endpoint addresses. Each element contains the following attributes.
      * `netType` - IP network type:`public` or `private`.
      * `connectionString` - Connection instance string.
      * `port` - Intranet connection port.
      * `vpcId` - ID of the VPC the instance belongs to.
      * `vswitchId` - ID of the VSwitch the cluster belongs to.
      * `ipAddress` - The ip address of connection string.

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-631406a87950d73f4902d7f77fe5b991f72be71fbcd2ccd6fafb630f1b8bf581 -->