---
subcategory: "Private Link"
layout: "alicloud"
page_title: "Alicloud: alicloud_privatelink_vpc_endpoints"
sidebar_current: "docs-alicloud-datasource-privatelink-vpc-endpoints"
description: |-
  Provides a list of Privatelink Vpc Endpoints to the user.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# alicloud\_privatelink\_vpc\_endpoints

This data source provides the Privatelink Vpc Endpoints of the current Alibaba Cloud user.

-> **NOTE:** Available in v1.109.0+.

## Example Usage

Basic Usage

```typescript
import * as constructs from "constructs";
import * as cdktf from "cdktf";
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as alicloud from "./.gen/providers/alicloud";
class MyConvertedCode extends cdktf.TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: constructs.Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    const dataAlicloudPrivatelinkVpcEndpointsExample =
      new alicloud.dataAlicloudPrivatelinkVpcEndpoints.DataAlicloudPrivatelinkVpcEndpoints(
        this,
        "example",
        {
          ids: ["example_value"],
          nameRegex: "the_resource_name",
        }
      );
    new cdktf.TerraformOutput(this, "first_privatelink_vpc_endpoint_id", {
      value: cdktf.propertyAccess(
        dataAlicloudPrivatelinkVpcEndpointsExample.endpoints,
        ["0", "id"]
      ),
    });
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `connectionStatus` - (Optional, ForceNew) The status of Connection.
* `enableDetails` - (Optional) Default to `false`. Set it to `true` can output more details about resource attributes.
* `ids` - (Optional, ForceNew, Computed)  A list of Vpc Endpoint IDs.
* `nameRegex` - (Optional, ForceNew) A regex string to filter results by Vpc Endpoint name.
* `outputFile` - (Optional) File name where to save data source results (after running `terraform plan`).
* `serviceName` - (Optional, ForceNew) The name of the terminal node service associated with the terminal node.
* `status` - (Optional, ForceNew) The status of Vpc Endpoint.
* `vpcEndpointName` - (Optional, ForceNew) The name of Vpc Endpoint.
* `vpcId` - (Optional, ForceNew) The private network to which the terminal node belongs..

## Argument Reference

The following attributes are exported in addition to the arguments listed above:

* `names` - A list of Vpc Endpoint names.
* `endpoints` - A list of Privatelink Vpc Endpoints. Each element contains the following attributes:
	* `bandwidth` - The Bandwidth.
	* `connectionStatus` - The status of Connection.
	* `endpointBusinessStatus` - The status of Endpoint Business.
	* `endpointDescription` - The description of Vpc Endpoint.
	* `endpointDomain` - The Endpoint Domain.
	* `endpointId` - The ID of the Vpc Endpoint.
	* `id` - The ID of the Vpc Endpoint.
	* `securityGroupIds` - The security group associated with the terminal node network card.
	* `serviceId` - The terminal node service associated with the terminal node.
	* `serviceName` - The name of the terminal node service associated with the terminal node.
	* `status` - The status of Vpc Endpoint.
	* `vpcEndpointName` - The name of Vpc Endpoint.
	* `vpcId` - The private network to which the terminal node belongs.

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-0c6cf0663ce2dec6981d89e4ebeff7a839eafd9ab90c2651d0eba65c3ba54d21 -->