---
subcategory: "RDS"
layout: "alicloud"
page_title: "Alicloud: alicloud_rds_cross_region_backups"
sidebar_current: "docs-alicloud-datasource-rds-cross-region-backups"
description: |-
  Provides a list of Rds Cross Region Backups to the user.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# alicloud\_rds\_cross\_region\_backups

This data source provides the Rds Parameter Groups of the current Alibaba Cloud user.

-> **NOTE:** Available in v1.196.0+.

## Example Usage

Basic Usage

```typescript
import * as constructs from "constructs";
import * as cdktf from "cdktf";
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as alicloud from "./.gen/providers/alicloud";
class MyConvertedCode extends cdktf.TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: constructs.Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    const dataAlicloudRdsCrossRegionBackupsBackups =
      new alicloud.dataAlicloudRdsCrossRegionBackups.DataAlicloudRdsCrossRegionBackups(
        this,
        "backups",
        {
          dbInstanceId: "example_value",
          endTime: "2022-12-16T00:00:00Z",
          startTime: "2022-12-01T00:00:00Z",
        }
      );
    new cdktf.TerraformOutput(this, "first_rds_cross_region_backups", {
      value: cdktf.propertyAccess(
        dataAlicloudRdsCrossRegionBackupsBackups.backups,
        ["0", "id"]
      ),
    });
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `dbInstanceId` - (Required, ForceNew) The db instance id.
* `crossBackupRegion` - (Optional, ForceNew) The ID of the destination region where the cross-region data backup file is stored.

-> **NOTE:** Note You must specify the `crossBackupId` parameter. Alternatively, you must specify the `startTime` and `endTime` parameters.

* `startTime` - (Optional, ForceNew) The beginning of the time range to query. Specify the time in the ISO 8601 standard in the yyyy-MM-ddTHH:mm:ssZ format. The time must be in UTC.
* `endTime` - (Optional, ForceNew) The end of the time range to query. Specify the time in the ISO 8601 standard in the yyyy-MM-ddTHH:mm:ssZ format. The time must be in UTC.
* `crossBackupId` - (Optional, ForceNew) The ID of the cross-region data backup file.
* `ids` - (Optional, ForceNew, Computed)  A list of Cross Region Backup IDs.
* `backupId` - (Optional, ForceNew) The ID of the cross-region data backup file.
* `resourceGroupId` - (Optional, ForceNew) The ID of the resource group.
* `outputFile` - (Optional) File name where to save data source results (after running `terraform plan`).

## Argument Reference

The following attributes are exported in addition to the arguments listed above:

* `ids` - A list of Cross Region Backup IDs.
* `backups` - An array that consists of details of the cross-region data backup files:
	* `consistentTime` - The point in time that is indicated by the data in the cross-region data backup file.
	* `dbInstanceStorageType` - The storage type.
	* `crossBackupId` - The ID of the cross-region data backup file.
	* `id` - The ID of the cross-region data backup file.
	* `backupType` - The type of the cross-region data backup. Valid values:F: full data backup
		`f` - full data backup.
		`i` - incremental data backup.
	* `backupStartTime` - The time when the cross-region data backup started.
	* `backupEndTime` - The time when the cross-region data backup file was generated.
	* `crossBackupSetLocation` - The location where the cross-region data backup file is stored.
	* `instanceId` - The ID of the instance. This parameter is used to determine whether the instance that generates the cross-region data backup file is a primary or secondary instance.
	* `crossBackupDownloadLink` - The external URL from which you can download the cross-region data backup file.
	* `engineVersion` - The version of the database engine.
	* `crossBackupSetFile` - The name of the compressed package that contains the cross-region data backup file.
	* `backupSetScale` - The level at which the cross-region data backup file is generated.
		`0` - instance-level backup.
		`1` - database-level backup.	
	* `crossBackupSetSize` - The size of the cross-region data backup file. Unit: bytes.
	* `backupSetStatus` - TThe status of the cross-region data backup. Valid values:
	  	`0` - The cross-region data backup is successful.
	  	`1` - The cross-region data backup failed.	
	* `crossBackupRegion` - The ID of the destination region where the cross-region data backup file of the instance is stored.
	* `category` - The RDS edition of the instance. Valid values:
	  	`basic` - Basic Edition.
	  	`highAvailability` - High-availability Edition.
	  	`finance` - Enterprise Edition. This edition is supported only by the China site (aliyun.com).
	* `engine` - The engine of the database.
	* `backupMethod` - The method that is used to generate the cross-region data backup file. Valid values:
	  	`l` - logical backup.
	  	`p` - physical backup.	
	* `restoreRegions` - An array that consists of the regions to which the cross-region data backup file can be restored.
	* `recoveryBeginTime` - The start time to which data can be restored. The time follows the ISO 8601 standard in the yyyy-MM-ddTHH:mm:ssZ format. The time is displayed in UTC.
	* `recoveryEndTime` - The end time to which data can be restored. The time follows the ISO 8601 standard in the yyyy-MM-ddTHH:mm:ssZ format. The time is displayed in UTC.

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-53a7cb16e88318feec279272badac20a39a7ba1a49dece6e26a82202941e6ccf -->