---
subcategory: "ROS"
layout: "alicloud"
page_title: "Alicloud: alicloud_ros_stacks"
sidebar_current: "docs-alicloud-datasource-ros-stacks"
description: |-
  Provides a list of Ros Stacks to the user.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# alicloud\_ros\_stacks

This data source provides the Ros Stacks of the current Alibaba Cloud user.

-> **NOTE:** Available in v1.106.0+.

## Example Usage

Basic Usage

```typescript
import * as constructs from "constructs";
import * as cdktf from "cdktf";
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as alicloud from "./.gen/providers/alicloud";
class MyConvertedCode extends cdktf.TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: constructs.Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    const dataAlicloudRosStacksExample =
      new alicloud.dataAlicloudRosStacks.DataAlicloudRosStacks(
        this,
        "example",
        {
          ids: ["example_value"],
          nameRegex: "the_resource_name",
        }
      );
    new cdktf.TerraformOutput(this, "first_ros_stack_id", {
      value: cdktf.propertyAccess(dataAlicloudRosStacksExample.stacks, [
        "0",
        "id",
      ]),
    });
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `enableDetails` - (Optional) Default to `false`. Set it to `true` can output more details about resource attributes.
* `ids` - (Optional, ForceNew, Computed)  A list of Stack IDs.
* `nameRegex` - (Optional, ForceNew) A regex string to filter results by Stack name.
* `outputFile` - (Optional) File name where to save data source results (after running `terraform plan`).
* `parentStackId` - (Optional, ForceNew) ParentStackId.
* `showNestedStack` - (Optional, ForceNew) The show nested stack.
* `stackName` - (Optional, ForceNew) StackName.
* `status` - (Optional, ForceNew) The status of Stack. Valid Values: `createComplete`, `createFailed`, `createInProgress`, `deleteComplete`, `deleteFailed`, `deleteInProgress`, `rollbackComplete`, `rollbackFailed`, `rollbackInProgress`.
* `tags` - (Optional) Query the instance bound to the tag. The format of the incoming value is `json` string, including `tagKey` and `tagValue`. `tagKey` cannot be null, and `tagValue` can be empty. Format example `{"key1":"value1"}`.

## Argument Reference

The following attributes are exported in addition to the arguments listed above:

* `names` - A list of Stack names.
* `stacks` - A list of Ros Stacks. Each element contains the following attributes:
	* `deletionProtection` - Specifies whether to enable deletion protection on the stack.
	* `description` - The Description of the Stack.
	* `disableRollback` - Specifies whether to disable rollback on stack creation failure..
	* `driftDetectionTime` - Drift DetectionTime.
	* `id` - The ID of the Stack.
	* `parentStackId` - Parent Stack Id.
	* `ramRoleName` - The RamRoleName.
	* `rootStackId` - Root Stack Id.
	* `stackDriftStatus` - Stack DriftStatus.
	* `stackId` - Stack Id.
	* `stackName` - Stack Name.
	* `stackPolicyBody` - The structure that contains the stack policy body.
	* `statusReason` - Status Reason.
	* `templateDescription` - Template Description.
	* `timeoutInMinutes` - Specifies whether to use the values that were passed last time for the parameters that you do not specify in the current request.
	* `parameters` - The parameters.
		* `parameterKey` - The key of parameters.
		* `parameterValue` - The value of parameters.

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-38de76ac2b74db25e3614ce78a087fa47730713516ea8f2ae8057610b2f9b58b -->