---
subcategory: "Serverless App Engine (SAE)"
layout: "alicloud"
page_title: "Alicloud: alicloud_sae_application_scaling_rules"
sidebar_current: "docs-alicloud-datasource-sae-application-scaling-rules"
description: |-
  Provides a list of Sae Application Scaling Rules to the user.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# alicloud\_sae\_application\_scaling\_rules

This data source provides the Sae Application Scaling Rules of the current Alibaba Cloud user.

-> **NOTE:** Available in v1.159.0+.

## Example Usage

Basic Usage

```typescript
import * as constructs from "constructs";
import * as cdktf from "cdktf";
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as alicloud from "./.gen/providers/alicloud";
class MyConvertedCode extends cdktf.TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: constructs.Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    const dataAlicloudSaeApplicationScalingRulesIds =
      new alicloud.dataAlicloudSaeApplicationScalingRules.DataAlicloudSaeApplicationScalingRules(
        this,
        "ids",
        {
          appId: "example_value",
          ids: ["example_value-1", "example_value-2"],
        }
      );
    new cdktf.TerraformOutput(this, "sae_application_scaling_rule_id_1", {
      value: cdktf.propertyAccess(
        dataAlicloudSaeApplicationScalingRulesIds.rules,
        ["0", "id"]
      ),
    });
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `ids` - (Optional, ForceNew, Computed)  A list of Application Scaling Rule IDs.
* `appId` - (Required) The ID of the Application.
* `outputFile` - (Optional) File name where to save data source results (after running `terraform plan`).

## Argument Reference

The following attributes are exported in addition to the arguments listed above:

* `rules` - A list of Sae Application Scaling Rules. Each element contains the following attributes:
  * `appId` - The ID of the Application.
  * `createTime` - The CreateTime of the Application Scaling Rule.
  * `id` - The ID of the Application Scaling Rule.
  * `scalingRuleEnable` - Whether to enable the auto scaling policy.
  * `scalingRuleMetric` - Monitoring indicators for elastic scaling.
    * `maxReplicas` - The maximum number of instances.
    * `metrics` - The auto scaling list of monitoring indicators.
      * `metricTargetAverageUtilization` - The target value of the monitoring indicator.
      * `metricType` - The metric type of the Application Scaling Rule.
    * `minReplicas` - The minimum number of instances.
    * `metricsStatus` - Monitor indicator elasticity status.
      * `desiredReplicas` - The number of target instances.
      * `nextScaleTimePeriod` - The next cycle of monitoring indicator elasticity.
      * `currentReplicas` - The number of current instances.
      * `lastScaleTime` - The time of the last elastic expansion.
      * `maxReplicas` - The maximum number of instances.
      * `minReplicas` - The minimum number of instances.
      * `currentMetrics` - The current monitoring indicator elasticity list.
        * `type` - The metric type. Associated with monitoring indicators.
        * `currentValue` - The current value.
        * `name` - The name of the trigger condition.
      * `nextScaleMetrics` - Next monitoring indicator elasticity list
        * `nextScaleOutAverageUtilization` - The percentage value of the monitoring indicator elasticity that triggers the expansion condition next time.
        * `nextScaleInAverageUtilization` - The percentage value of the monitoring indicator elasticity that triggers the shrinkage condition next time.
        * `name` - The name of the trigger condition.
    * `scaleDownRules` - The shrink rule.
      * `disabled` - Whether shrinkage is prohibited.
      * `stabilizationWindowSeconds` - Shrinkage cooling time.
      * `step` - Elastic shrinkage step. The maximum number of instances per unit time.
    * `scaleUpRules` - The expansion rules.
      * `step` - Flexible expansion step. The maximum number of instances per unit time.
      * `disabled` - Whether shrinkage is prohibited. The values are described as follows:
      * `stabilizationWindowSeconds` - Expansion cooling time.
  * `scalingRuleName` - The name of the scaling rule.
  * `scalingRuleTimer` - Timing elastic expansion.
    * `beginDate` - The short-term start date of the timed elastic scaling strategy.
    * `endDate` - The short-term end date of the timed elastic scaling strategy.
    * `period` - The period in which a timed elastic scaling strategy is executed. 
    * `schedules` - Trigger point in time within a single day.
      * `atTime` - Time point. Format: `hours:minutes`.
      * `targetReplicas` - The number of target instances.
      * `maxReplicas` - The maximum number of instances.
      * `minReplicas` - The minimum number of instances.
  * `scalingRuleType` - Flexible strategy type.
<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-937e4c9a38a270c17ffea095a2260984883c64f8003aaaf79170cacfdc44ca97 -->