---
subcategory: "Data Security Center (SDDP)"
layout: "alicloud"
page_title: "Alicloud: alicloud_sddp_rules"
sidebar_current: "docs-alicloud-datasource-sddp-rules"
description: |-
  Provides a list of Sddp Rules to the user.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# alicloud\_sddp\_rules

This data source provides the Sddp Rules of the current Alibaba Cloud user.

-> **NOTE:** Available in v1.132.0+.

## Example Usage

Basic Usage

```typescript
import * as constructs from "constructs";
import * as cdktf from "cdktf";
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as alicloud from "./.gen/providers/alicloud";
class MyConvertedCode extends cdktf.TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: constructs.Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    const alicloudSddpRuleDefault = new alicloud.sddpRule.SddpRule(
      this,
      "default",
      {
        category: cdktf.Token.asNumber("0"),
        content: "content",
        productCode: "ODPS",
        riskLevelId: "4",
        ruleName: "rule_name",
      }
    );
    const dataAlicloudSddpRulesDefault =
      new alicloud.dataAlicloudSddpRules.DataAlicloudSddpRules(
        this,
        "default_1",
        {
          ids: [cdktf.Token.asString(alicloudSddpRuleDefault.id)],
        }
      );
    /*This allows the Terraform resource name to match the original name. You can remove the call if you don't need them to match.*/
    dataAlicloudSddpRulesDefault.overrideLogicalId("default");
    new cdktf.TerraformOutput(this, "sddp_rule_id", {
      value: dataAlicloudSddpRulesDefault.id,
    });
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `category` - (Optional, ForceNew) Sensitive Data Identification Rules for the Type of. Valid values:
  * `0`: Keyword. 
  * `2`: Regular expression.
* `contentCategory` - (Optional, ForceNew) The Content Classification.
* `customType` - (Optional, ForceNew)  Sensitive Data Identification Rules of Type. Valid values: 
  * `0`: the Built-in.
  * `1`: The User-Defined.
* `ids` - (Optional, ForceNew, Computed)  A list of Rule IDs.
* `lang` - (Optional, ForceNew) The Request and Receive the Language of the Message Type. Valid values: 
  * `zh`: Chinese.
  * `en`: English.
* `name` - (Optional, ForceNew) The name of rule.
* `nameRegex` - (Optional, ForceNew) A regex string to filter results by Rule name.
* `outputFile` - (Optional) File name where to save data source results (after running `terraform plan`).
* `productId` - (Optional, ForceNew) Product ID. Valid values:
  * `1`:MaxCompute.
  * `2`:OSS.
  * `5`:RDS.
* `riskLevelId` - (Optional) Sensitive Data Identification Rules of Risk Level ID. Valid values:
  * `2`:S1, Weak Risk Level.
  * `3`:S2, Medium Risk Level. 
  * `4`:S3 High Risk Level. 
  * `5`:S4, the Highest Risk Level.
* `ruleType` - (Optional, ForceNew) Rule Type.
* `status` - (Optional, ForceNew) Sensitive Data Identification Rules Detection State of.
* `warnLevel` - (Optional) The Level of Risk. Valid values:
  * `1`: Weak warn Level.
  * `2`: Medium Risk Level.
  * `3`: High Risk Level.

## Argument Reference

The following attributes are exported in addition to the arguments listed above:

* `names` - A list of Rule names.
* `rules` - A list of Sddp Rules. Each element contains the following attributes:
	* `category` - Sensitive Data Identification Rules for the Type of.
	* `categoryName` - Sensitive Data Identification Rules Belongs Type Name.
	* `content` - Sensitive Data Identification Rules the Content.
	* `contentCategory` - The Content Classification.
	* `createTime` - Sensitive Data Identification Rules the Creation Time of the Number of Milliseconds.
	* `customType` - Sensitive Data Identification Rules of Type. 0: the Built-in 1: The User-Defined.
	* `description` - Sensitive Data Identification a Description of the Rule Information.
	* `displayName` - Sensitive Data Identification Rules, Founder of Account Display Name.
	* `gmtModified` - Sensitive Data Identification Rules to the Modified Time of the Number of Milliseconds.
	* `groupId` - Group ID.
	* `id` - The ID of the Rule.
	* `loginName` - Sensitive Data Identification Rules, Founder Of Account Login.
	* `majorKey` - The Primary Key.
	* `productCode` - Product Code.
	* `productId` - Product ID.
	* `riskLevelId` - Sensitive Data Identification Rules of Risk Level ID. Valid values:1:S1, Weak Risk Level. 2:S2, Medium Risk Level. 3:S3 High Risk Level. 4:S4, the Highest Risk Level.
	* `riskLevelName` - Sensitive Data Identification Rules the Risk Level of. S1: Weak Risk Level S2: Moderate Risk Level S3: High Risk Level S4: the Highest Risk Level.
	* `ruleId` - The first ID of the resource.
	* `statExpress` - Triggered the Alarm Conditions.
	* `status` - Sensitive Data Identification Rules Detection State of.
	* `target` - The Target.
	* `userId` - The User ID.
	* `warnLevel` - The Level of Risk.

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-0de343ad4614e4dd7d4396cd9769d62077aaca55019c25d0d8192059d1318168 -->