---
subcategory: "Service Mesh"
layout: "alicloud"
page_title: "Alicloud: alicloud_service_mesh_service_meshes"
sidebar_current: "docs-alicloud-datasource-service-mesh-service-meshes"
description: |-
  Provides a list of Service Mesh Service Meshes to the user.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# alicloud\_service\_mesh\_service\_meshes

This data source provides the Service Mesh Service Meshes of the current Alibaba Cloud user.

-> **NOTE:** Available in v1.138.0+.

## Example Usage

Basic Usage

```typescript
import * as constructs from "constructs";
import * as cdktf from "cdktf";
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as alicloud from "./.gen/providers/alicloud";
class MyConvertedCode extends cdktf.TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: constructs.Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    const dataAlicloudServiceMeshServiceMeshesIds =
      new alicloud.dataAlicloudServiceMeshServiceMeshes.DataAlicloudServiceMeshServiceMeshes(
        this,
        "ids",
        {
          ids: ["example_id"],
        }
      );
    const dataAlicloudServiceMeshServiceMeshesNameRegex =
      new alicloud.dataAlicloudServiceMeshServiceMeshes.DataAlicloudServiceMeshServiceMeshes(
        this,
        "nameRegex",
        {
          nameRegex: "^my-ServiceMesh",
        }
      );
    const dataAlicloudServiceMeshServiceMeshesStatus =
      new alicloud.dataAlicloudServiceMeshServiceMeshes.DataAlicloudServiceMeshServiceMeshes(
        this,
        "status",
        {
          ids: ["example_id"],
          status: "running",
        }
      );
    new cdktf.TerraformOutput(this, "service_mesh_service_mesh_id_1", {
      value: cdktf.propertyAccess(
        dataAlicloudServiceMeshServiceMeshesIds.meshes,
        ["0", "id"]
      ),
    });
    new cdktf.TerraformOutput(this, "service_mesh_service_mesh_id_2", {
      value: cdktf.propertyAccess(
        dataAlicloudServiceMeshServiceMeshesNameRegex.meshes,
        ["0", "id"]
      ),
    });
    new cdktf.TerraformOutput(this, "service_mesh_service_mesh_id_3", {
      value: cdktf.propertyAccess(
        dataAlicloudServiceMeshServiceMeshesStatus.meshes,
        ["0", "id"]
      ),
    });
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `ids` - (Optional, ForceNew, Computed)  A list of Service Mesh IDs.
* `nameRegex` - (Optional, ForceNew) A regex string to filter results by Service Mesh name.
* `outputFile` - (Optional) File name where to save data source results (after running `terraform plan`).
* `status` - (Optional, ForceNew) The status of the resource. Valid values: `running` or `initial`.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported in addition to the arguments listed above:

* `names` - A list of Service Mesh names.
* `meshes` - A list of Service Mesh Service Meshes. Each element contains the following attributes:
    * `clusters` - Cluster List.
    * `createTime` - The created time of the resource.
    * `istioOperatorVersion` - The Istio Operator Version. **Note:** the `istioOperatorVersion` is available from the version v1.170.0.
    * `sidecarVersion` - The SideCar Version. **Note:** the `sidecarVersion` is available from the version v1.170.0.
    * `endpoints` - The endpoint details.
        * `intranetApiServerEndpoint` - The internal address of the API Server.
        * `intranetPilotEndpoint` - The internal address of the Istio Pilot.
        * `publicApiServerEndpoint` - The public address of the API Server.
        * `publicPilotEndpoint` - The public address of the Istio Pilot.
    * `errorMessage` - The Cause of the Error.
    * `edition` - Grid instance version type. Valid values: `default` and `pro`. `default`:the standard. `pro`:the Pro version.
    * `id` - The ID of the Service Mesh.
    * `loadBalancer` - The configuration of the Load Balancer.
        * `apiServerLoadbalancerId` - The IP address of a public network exposed API Server corresponding to the Load Balance.
        * `apiServerPublicEip` - Whether to use the IP address of a public network exposed the API Server.
        * `pilotPublicEip` - Whether to use the IP address of a public network exposure the Istio Pilot.
        * `pilotPublicLoadbalancerId` - The IP address of a public network exposure Istio Pilot corresponds to the Load Balance.
    * `meshConfig` - The configuration of the Service grid.
        * `accessLog` - The configuration of the access logging.
            * `enabled` - Whether to enable of the access logging. Valid values: `true` and `false`.
            * `project` - The SLS Project of the access logging.
        * `controlPlaneLog` - The configuration of the control plane logging. **NOTE:** Available in 1.174.0+
            * `enabled` - Whether to enable of the control plane logging. Valid values: `true` and `false`.
            * `project` - The SLS Project of the control plane logging.            
        * `customizedZipkin` - Whether or not to enable the use of a custom zipkin.
        * `enableLocalityLb` - Whether to enable service can access the service through the nearest node access.
        * `tracing` - Whether to enable link trace.
        * `outboundTrafficPolicy` - The policy of the Out to the traffic. Valid values: `allowAny` and `registryOnly`.
        * `proxy` - The configuration of the Proxy.
            * `limitMemory` - The Memory limit of the resource.
            * `requestCpu` - The  CPU requests of the resources.
            * `requestMemory` - The  memory request of the resource.
            * `clusterDomain` - The domain name of the Cluster.
            * `limitCpu` - The CPU limited of the resource for the proxy container.
        * `telemetry` - Whether to enable acquisition Prometheus metrics.
        * `kiali` - The configuration of the Kiali.
            * `enabled` - Whether to enable kiali, you must first open the collection Prometheus, when the configuration update is false, the system automatically set this value to false).
            * `url` - The service address of the Kiali.
        * `opa` - The open-door policy of agent (OPA) plug-in information.
            * `enabled` - Whether integration-open policy agent (OPA) plug-in.
            * `limitCpu` - The CPU resource  of the limitsOPA proxy container.
            * `limitMemory` - The memory resource limit of the OPA proxy container.
            * `logLevel` - The log level of the OPA proxy container .
            * `requestCpu` - The CPU resource request of the OPA proxy container.
            * `requestMemory` - The memory resource request of the OPA proxy container.
        * `pilot` - The configuration of the Link trace sampling.
            * `http10Enabled` - Whether to support the HTTP1.0.
            * `traceSampling` - The  percentage of the Link trace sampling.
        * `prometheus` - the configuration of the Prometheus.
            * `externalUrl` - The  service addresses of the Prometheus.
            * `useExternal` - Whether to enable external Prometheus.
        * `sidecarInjector` - The configuration of the Sidecar injector.
            * `limitMemory` - The memory limit  of the Sidecar injector Pods.
            * `requestCpu` - The requested cpu the Sidecar injector Pods.
            * `requestMemory` - The requested memory the Sidecar injector Pods.
            * `sidecarInjectorWebhookAsYaml` - Other automatic injection Sidecar configuration (in YAML format).
            * `autoInjectionPolicyEnabled` - Whether to enable by Pod Annotations automatic injection Sidecar.
            * `enableNamespacesByDefault` - Whether it is the all namespaces you turn on the auto injection capabilities.
            * `initCniConfiguration` - The configuration of the CNI
                * `enabled` - Whether to enable CNI.
                * `excludeNamespaces` - The excluded namespace of the CNI.
            * `limitCpu` - Sidecar injector Pods on the throttle.
        * `audit` - The configuration of the Service grid audit.
            * `enabled` - Whether to enable Service grid audit.
            * `project` - The Service grid audit that to the project.
        * `includeIpRanges` - The IP ADDRESS range.
    * `network` - The configuration of the Service grid network.
        * `vswitcheList` - The list of Virtual Switch.
        * `vpcId` - The ID of the VPC.
        * `securityGroupId` - The ID of the Security group
    * `serviceMeshId` - The first ID of the resource.
    * `serviceMeshName` - The name of the resource.
    * `status` - The status of the resource.
    * `version` - The version of the resource.

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-adb90b3243070ba0a3d06ad5faae496c66c1047a2606007512bf1b0d28efddd4 -->