---
subcategory: "Classic Load Balancer (SLB)"
layout: "alicloud"
page_title: "Alicloud: alicloud_slb_zones"
sidebar_current: "docs-alicloud-datasource-slb-zones"
description: |-
    Provides a list of availability zones for SLB that can be used by an Alibaba Cloud account.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# alicloud\_slb\_zones

This data source provides availability zones for SLB that can be accessed by an Alibaba Cloud account within the region configured in the provider.

-> **NOTE:** Available in v1.73.0+.

## Example Usage

```typescript
import * as constructs from "constructs";
import * as cdktf from "cdktf";
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as alicloud from "./.gen/providers/alicloud";
class MyConvertedCode extends cdktf.TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: constructs.Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    new alicloud.dataAlicloudSlbZones.DataAlicloudSlbZones(this, "zones_ids", {
      availableSlbAddressIpVersion: "ipv4",
      availableSlbAddressType: "vpc",
    });
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `outputFile` - (Optional) File name where to save data source results (after running `terraform plan`).
* `enableDetails` - (Deprecated from v1.154.0+) Default to false and only output `id` in the `zones` block. Set it to true can output more details.
* `availableSlbAddressType` - (Optional) Filter the results by a slb instance network type. Valid values:
  * vpc: an internal SLB instance that is deployed in a virtual private cloud (VPC).
  * classic_internet: a public-facing SLB instance. 
  * classic_intranet: an internal SLB instance that is deployed in a classic network.
    
* `availableSlbAddressIpVersion` - (Optional) Filter the results by a slb instance address version. Can be either `ipv4`, or `ipv6`.
* `masterZoneId` - (Optional, Available in 1.157.0+) The primary zone.
* `slaveZoneId` - (Optional, Available in 1.157.0+) The secondary zone.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported in addition to the arguments listed above:

* `ids` - A list of primary zone IDs.
* `zones` - A list of availability zones. Each element contains the following attributes:
  * `id` - ID of the zone. It is same as `masterZoneId`.
  * `masterZoneId` - (Available in 1.157.0+) The primary zone.
  * `slaveZoneId` - (Available in 1.157.0+) The secondary zone.
  * `slbSlaveZoneIds` - (Deprecated from 1.157.0) A list of slb slave zone ids in which the slb master zone. 
    It has been deprecated from v1.157.0 and use `slaveZoneId` instead.
  * `supportedResources` - (Available in 1.154.0+)A list of available resource which the slb master zone supported.
    * `addressType` - The type of network.
    * `addressIpVersion` - The type of IP address.


<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-b30667e6d8988b249547a7a89a941dd3d373c195defde52126a69c3c63eba1f1 -->