---
subcategory: "Classic Load Balancer (SLB)"
layout: "alicloud"
page_title: "Alicloud: alicloud_slb_server_certificates"
sidebar_current: "docs-alicloud-datasource-slb-server-certificates"
description: |-
    Provides a list of slb server certificates.
---

<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# alicloud\_slb_server_certificates

This data source provides the server certificate list.

## Example Usage

```typescript
import * as constructs from "constructs";
import * as cdktf from "cdktf";
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as alicloud from "./.gen/providers/alicloud";
class MyConvertedCode extends cdktf.TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: constructs.Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    const dataAlicloudSlbServerCertificatesSampleDs =
      new alicloud.dataAlicloudSlbServerCertificates.DataAlicloudSlbServerCertificates(
        this,
        "sample_ds",
        {}
      );
    new cdktf.TerraformOutput(this, "first_slb_server_certificate_id", {
      value: cdktf.propertyAccess(
        dataAlicloudSlbServerCertificatesSampleDs.certificates,
        ["0", "id"]
      ),
    });
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `ids` - (Optional) A list of server certificates IDs to filter results.
* `nameRegex` - (Optional) A regex string to filter results by server certificate name.
* `outputFile` - (Optional) File name where to save data source results (after running `terraform plan`).
* `resourceGroupId` - (Optional, ForceNew, Available in 1.58.0+) The Id of resource group which the slb server certificates belongs.
* `tags` - (Optional, Available in v1.66.0+) A mapping of tags to assign to the resource.
## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported in addition to the arguments listed above:

* `ids` - A list of SLB server certificates IDs.
* `names` - A list of SLB server certificates names.
* `certificates` - A list of SLB server certificates. Each element contains the following attributes:
  * `id` - Server certificate ID.
  * `name` - Server certificate name.
  * `fingerprint` - Server certificate fingerprint.
  * `commonName` - Server certificate common name.
  * `subjectAlternativeNames` - Server certificate subject alternative name list.
  * `expiredTime` - Server certificate expired time.
  * `expiredTimestamp` - Server certificate expired timestamp.
  * `createdTime` - Server certificate created time.
  * `createdTimestamp` - Server certificate created timestamp.
  * `alicloudCertificateId` - Id of server certificate issued by alibaba cloud.
  * `alicloudCertificateName`- Name of server certificate issued by alibaba cloud.
  * `isAlicloudCertificate`- Is server certificate issued by alibaba cloud or not.
  * `resourceGroupId` - The Id of resource group which the slb server certificates belongs.
  * `tags` - (Available in v1.66.0+) A mapping of tags to assign to the resource.

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-4da863fb188c3fc46e2c497e5dd8d48ffc0803cf356ba9fc68e97e6751f2c51d -->