---
subcategory: "Time Series Database (TSDB)"
layout: "alicloud"
page_title: "Alicloud: alicloud_tsdb_instances"
sidebar_current: "docs-alicloud-datasource-tsdb-instances"
description: |-
  Provides a list of Time Series Database (TSDB) Instances to the user.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# alicloud\_tsdb\_instances

This data source provides the Time Series Database (TSDB) Instances of the current Alibaba Cloud user.

-> **NOTE:** Available in v1.112.0+.

## Example Usage

Basic Usage

```typescript
import * as constructs from "constructs";
import * as cdktf from "cdktf";
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as alicloud from "./.gen/providers/alicloud";
class MyConvertedCode extends cdktf.TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: constructs.Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    const dataAlicloudTsdbInstancesExample =
      new alicloud.dataAlicloudTsdbInstances.DataAlicloudTsdbInstances(
        this,
        "example",
        {
          ids: ["example_value"],
        }
      );
    new cdktf.TerraformOutput(this, "first_tsdb_instance_id", {
      value: cdktf.propertyAccess(dataAlicloudTsdbInstancesExample.instances, [
        "0",
        "id",
      ]),
    });
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `appKey` - (Optional, ForceNew) The app key.
* `enableDetails` - (Optional) Default to `false`. Set it to `true` can output more details about resource attributes.
* `engineType` - (Optional, ForceNew) The engine type of instance. Enumerative: `tsdbTsdb` refers to TSDB, `tsdbInfluxdb` refers to TSDB for InfluxDB️.
* `ids` - (Optional, ForceNew, Computed)  A list of Instance IDs.
* `outputFile` - (Optional) File name where to save data source results (after running `terraform plan`).
* `queryStr` - (Optional, ForceNew) The query str.
* `status` - (Optional, ForceNew) Instance status, enumerative: `activation`, `deleted`, `creating`, `classChanging`, `locked`.
* `statusList` - (Optional, ForceNew) The status list.

## Argument Reference

The following attributes are exported in addition to the arguments listed above:

* `instances` - A list of TSDB Instances. Each element contains the following attributes:
	* `autoRenew` - Auto renew.
	* `cpuNumber` - The cpu core number of instance.
	* `diskCategory` - The disk type of instance. `cloudSsd` refers to SSD disk, `cloudEfficiency` refers to efficiency disk,cloud_essd refers to ESSD PL1 disk.
	* `engineType` - The engine type of instance. Enumerative: `tsdbTsdb` refers to TSDB, `tsdbInfluxdb` refers to TSDB for InfluxDB️.
	* `expiredTime` - Instance expiration time.
	* `id` - The ID of the Instance.
	* `instanceAlias` - The alias of the instance.
	* `instanceClass` - The specification of the instance. 
	* `instanceId` - The ID of the instance.
	* `instanceStorage` - The storage capacity of the instance. Unit: GB. For example, the value 50 indicates 50 GB.
	* `memorySize` - The memory size of instance.
	* `networkType` - Instance network type.
	* `paymentType` - The billing method. Valid values: `payAsYouGo` and `subscription`. The `payAsYouGo` value indicates the pay-as-you-go method, and the `subscription` value indicates the subscription method.
	* `status` - Instance status, enumerative: ACTIVATION,DELETED, CREATING,CLASS_CHANGING,LOCKED.
	* `vpcConnectionAddress` - The vpc connection address of instance.
	* `vpcId` - The ID of the virtual private cloud (VPC) that is connected to the instance.
	* `vswitchId` - The vswitch id.
	* `zoneId` - The zone ID of the instance.

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-7248de00f8397bd58d1ed894e206584df0dc3afd4eb7cb1f2f32ef595b01107f -->