---
subcategory: "VPC"
layout: "alicloud"
page_title: "Alicloud: alicloud_vpcs"
sidebar_current: "docs-alicloud-datasource-vpcs"
description: |-
    Provides a list of VPCs owned by an Alibaba Cloud account.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# alicloud\_vpcs

This data source provides VPCs available to the user.

## Example Usage

```typescript
import * as constructs from "constructs";
import * as cdktf from "cdktf";
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as alicloud from "./.gen/providers/alicloud";
class MyConvertedCode extends cdktf.TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: constructs.Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    const dataAlicloudVpcsVpcsDs =
      new alicloud.dataAlicloudVpcs.DataAlicloudVpcs(this, "vpcs_ds", {
        cidrBlock: "172.16.0.0/12",
        nameRegex: "^foo",
        status: "Available",
      });
    new cdktf.TerraformOutput(this, "first_vpc_id", {
      value: cdktf.propertyAccess(dataAlicloudVpcsVpcsDs.vpcs, ["0", "id"]),
    });
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `cidrBlock` - (Optional) Filter results by a specific CIDR block. For example: "172.16.0.0/12".
* `status` - (Optional) Filter results by a specific status. Valid value are `pending` and `available`.
* `nameRegex` - (Optional) A regex string to filter VPCs by name.
* `isDefault` - (Optional, type: bool) Indicate whether the VPC is the default one in the specified region.
* `vswitchId` - (Optional) Filter results by the specified VSwitch.
* `tags` - (Optional, Available in v1.55.3+) A mapping of tags to assign to the resource.
* `outputFile` - (Optional) File name where to save data source results (after running `terraform plan`).
* `ids` - (Optional, Available in 1.52.0+) A list of VPC IDs.
* `resourceGroupId` - (Optional, ForceNew, Available in 1.60.0+) The Id of resource group which VPC belongs.
* `dhcpOptionsSetId` - (Optional, ForceNew, Available in v1.119.0+) The ID of dhcp options set.
* `dryRun` - (Optional, ForceNew, Available in v1.119.0+) Indicates whether to check this request only. Valid values: `true` and `false`.
* `vpcName` - (Optional, ForceNew, Available in v1.119.0+) The name of the VPC.
* `vpcOwnerId` - (Optional, ForceNew, Available in v1.119.0+) The owner ID of VPC.
* `enableDetails` -(Optional, Available in v1.119.0+) Default to `true`. Set it to true can output the `routeTableId`.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported in addition to the arguments listed above:

* `ids` - A list of VPC IDs.
* `names` - A list of VPC names.
* `vpcs` - A list of VPCs. Each element contains the following attributes:
  * `id` - ID of the VPC.
  * `regionId` - ID of the region where the VPC is located.
  * `status` - Status of the VPC.
  * `vpcName` - Name of the VPC.
  * `vswitchIds` - List of VSwitch IDs in the specified VPC
  * `cidrBlock` - CIDR block of the VPC.
  * `vrouterId` - ID of the VRouter.
  * `routeTableId` - Route table ID of the VRouter.
  * `description` - Description of the VPC
  * `isDefault` - Whether the VPC is the default VPC in the region.
  * `creationTime` - Time of creation.
  * `tags` - A map of tags assigned to the VPC.
  * `ipv6CidrBlock` - The IPv6 CIDR block of the VPC.
  * `routerId` - The ID of the VRouter.
  * `secondaryCidrBlocks` - A list of secondary IPv4 CIDR blocks of the VPC.
  * `userCidrs` - A list of user CIDRs.
  * `vpcId` - ID of the VPC.
  

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-870d511859a580d943c7650c6887330e7ee31282e68008d9ff19d33ad805f7c1 -->