---
subcategory: "VPN Gateway"
layout: "alicloud"
page_title: "Alicloud: alicloud_vpn_gateways"
sidebar_current: "docs-alicloud-datasource-vpn-gateways"
description: |-
    Provides a list of VPNs which owned by an Alicloud account.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# alicloud\_vpn_gateways

The VPNs data source lists a number of VPNs resource information owned by an Alicloud account.

## Example Usage

```typescript
import * as constructs from "constructs";
import * as cdktf from "cdktf";
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as alicloud from "./.gen/providers/alicloud";
class MyConvertedCode extends cdktf.TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: constructs.Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    new alicloud.dataAlicloudVpnGateways.DataAlicloudVpnGateways(
      this,
      "vpn_gateways",
      {
        businessStatus: "Normal",
        ids: ["fake-vpn-id1", "fake-vpn-id2"],
        includeReservationData: true,
        nameRegex: "testAcc*",
        outputFile: "/tmp/vpns",
        status: "Active",
        vpcId: "fake-vpc-id",
      }
    );
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `vpcId` - (Optional) Use the VPC ID as the search key.
* `ids` - (Optional) IDs of the VPN.
* `status` - (Optional) Limit search to specific status - valid value is "Init", "Provisioning", "Active", "Updating", "Deleting".
* `businessStatus` - (Optional) Limit search to specific business status - valid value is "Normal", "FinancialLocked".
* `nameRegex` - (Optional) A regex string of VPN name.
* `outputFile` - (Optional) Save the result to the file.
* `enableIpsec` - (Optional, Available 1.161.0+, has been deprecated from provider version 1.193.0, it will be removed in the future version.) Indicates whether the IPsec-VPN feature is enabled.
* `includeReservationData` - (Optional, Available 1.193.0+) Include ineffective ordering data.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported:

* `ids` - IDs of the VPN.
* `names` - names of the VPN.
* `gateways` - A list of VPN gateways. Each element contains the following attributes:
  * `id` - ID of the VPN.
  * `vpcId` - ID of the VPC that the VPN belongs.
  * `internetIp` - The internet ip of the VPN.
  * `createTime` - The creation time of the VPN gateway.
  * `endTime` - The expiration time of the VPN gateway.
  * `specification` - The Specification of the VPN
  * `name` - The name of the VPN.
  * `description` - The description of the VPN
  * `status` - The status of the VPN
  * `businessStatus` - The business status of the VPN gateway.
  * `instanceChargeType` - The charge type of the VPN gateway.
  * `enableIpsec` - Whether the ipsec function is enabled.
  * `enableSsl` - Whether the ssl function is enabled.
  * `sslConnections` - Total count of ssl vpn connections.
  * `networkType` - The network type of the VPN gateway.
  * `autoPropagate` - Whether to automatically propagate BGP routes to the VPC. Valid values: `true`, `false`.

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-1c552ab61cce40a7d928b525ff93b50771bf04bfd6d8e660b46b169fb6325209 -->