---
subcategory: "VPN Gateway"
layout: "alicloud"
page_title: "Alicloud: alicloud_vpn_ipsec_servers"
sidebar_current: "docs-alicloud-datasource-vpn-ipsec-servers"
description: |-
  Provides a list of Vpn Ipsec Servers to the user.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# alicloud\_vpn\_ipsec\_servers

This data source provides the Vpn Ipsec Servers of the current Alibaba Cloud user.

-> **NOTE:** Available in v1.161.0+.

## Example Usage

Basic Usage

```typescript
import * as constructs from "constructs";
import * as cdktf from "cdktf";
/*Provider bindings are generated by running cdktf get.
See https://cdk.tf/provider-generation for more details.*/
import * as alicloud from "./.gen/providers/alicloud";
class MyConvertedCode extends cdktf.TerraformStack {
  constructor(scope: constructs.Construct, name: string) {
    super(scope, name);
    const dataAlicloudVpnIpsecServersIds =
      new alicloud.dataAlicloudVpnIpsecServers.DataAlicloudVpnIpsecServers(
        this,
        "ids",
        {
          ids: ["example_id"],
        }
      );
    const dataAlicloudVpnIpsecServersNameRegex =
      new alicloud.dataAlicloudVpnIpsecServers.DataAlicloudVpnIpsecServers(
        this,
        "nameRegex",
        {
          nameRegex: "^my-IpsecServer",
        }
      );
    new cdktf.TerraformOutput(this, "vpn_ipsec_server_id_1", {
      value: cdktf.propertyAccess(dataAlicloudVpnIpsecServersIds.servers, [
        "0",
        "id",
      ]),
    });
    new cdktf.TerraformOutput(this, "vpn_ipsec_server_id_2", {
      value: cdktf.propertyAccess(
        dataAlicloudVpnIpsecServersNameRegex.servers,
        ["0", "id"]
      ),
    });
  }
}

```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `ids` - (Optional, ForceNew, Computed)  A list of Ipsec Server IDs.
* `ipsecServerName` - (Optional, ForceNew) The name of the IPsec server.
* `nameRegex` - (Optional, ForceNew) A regex string to filter results by Ipsec Server name.
* `outputFile` - (Optional) File name where to save data source results (after running `terraform plan`).
* `vpnGatewayId` - (Optional, ForceNew) The ID of the VPN gateway.

## Argument Reference

The following attributes are exported in addition to the arguments listed above:

* `names` - A list of Ipsec Server names.
* `servers` - A list of Vpn Ipsec Servers. Each element contains the following attributes:
	* `clientIpPool` - The CIDR block of the client, which is assigned an access address to the virtual NIC of the client.
	* `createTime` - The creation time of the IPsec server. T represents the delimiter, and Z represents UTC, which is World Standard Time.
	* `effectImmediately` - Indicates whether the current IPsec tunnel is deleted and negotiations are reinitiated.
	* `id` - The ID of the Ipsec Server.
	* `idaasInstanceId` - The ID of the Identity as a Service (IDaaS) instance.
	* `ikeConfig` - The configurations of Phase 1 negotiations.
		* `ikeAuthAlg` - The IKE authentication algorithm.
		* `ikeEncAlg` - The IKE encryption algorithm.
		* `ikeLifetime` - The IKE lifetime. Unit: seconds.
		* `ikeMode` - The IKE negotiation mode.
		* `ikePfs` - Diffie-Hellman key exchange algorithm.
		* `ikeVersion` - The IKE version.
		* `localId` - IPsec server identifier. Supports the format of FQDN and IP address. The public IP address of the VPN gateway is selected by default.
		* `remoteId` - The peer identifier. Supports the format of FQDN and IP address, which is empty by default.
	* `internetIp` - The public IP address of the VPN gateway.
	* `ipsecConfig` - The configuration of Phase 2 negotiations.
		* `ipsecEncAlg` - IPsec encryption algorithm.
		* `ipsecLifetime` - IPsec survival time. Unit: seconds.
		* `ipsecPfs` - Diffie-Hellman key exchange algorithm.
		* `ipsecAuthAlg` - IPsec authentication algorithm.
	* `ipsecServerId` - The ID of the IPsec server.
	* `ipsecServerName` - The name of the IPsec server.
	* `localSubnet` - Local network segment: the network segment on The VPC side that needs to be interconnected with the client network segment.
	* `maxConnections` - The number of SSL connections of the VPN gateway. SSL-VPN the number of SSL connections shared with the IPsec server. For example, if the number of SSL connections is 5 and you have three SSL clients connected to the SSL-VPN, you can also use two clients to connect to the IPsec server.
	* `multiFactorAuthEnabled` - Whether the two-factor authentication function has been turned on.
	* `onlineClientCount` - The number of clients that have connected to the IPsec server.
	* `psk` - The pre-shared key.
	* `pskEnabled` - Whether to enable the pre-shared key authentication method. The value is only `true`, which indicates that the pre-shared key authentication method is enabled.
	* `vpnGatewayId` - The ID of the VPN gateway.
<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-419185914d6e7fd617827d9f5052991aa4ad91ca964845ca1e42a81e03e510a3 -->