---
subcategory: "ECS"
layout: "alicloud"
page_title: "Alicloud: alicloud_zones"
sidebar_current: "docs-alicloud-datasource-zones"
description: |-
    Provides a list of availability zones that can be used by an Alibaba Cloud account.
---


<!-- Please do not edit this file, it is generated. -->
# alicloud\_zones

This data source provides availability zones that can be accessed by an Alibaba Cloud account within the region configured in the provider.


-> **NOTE:** If one zone is sold out, it will not be exported.

## Example Usage

```
# Declare the data source
data "alicloud_zones" "zones_ds" {
  available_instance_type = "ecs.n4.large"
  available_disk_category = "cloud_ssd"
}

# Create an ECS instance with the first matched zone
resource "alicloud_instance" "instance" {
  availability_zone = "${data.alicloud_zones.zones_ds.zones.0.id}"

  # Other properties...
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `availableInstanceType` - (Optional) Filter the results by a specific instance type.
* `availableResourceCreation` - (Optional) Filter the results by a specific resource type.
Valid values: `instance`, `disk`, `vSwitch`, `rds`, `kvStore`, `functionCompute`, `elasticsearch`, `slb`.

-> **NOTE:** From version 1.134.0, the `availableResourceCreation` value "Rds" has been deprecated. 
If you want to fetch the available zones for RDS instance, you can use datasource [alicloud_db_zones](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/aliyun/alicloud/latest/docs/data-sources/db_zones) 

* `availableDiskCategory` - (Optional) Filter the results by a specific disk category. Can be either `cloud`, `cloudEfficiency`, `cloudSsd`, `ephemeralSsd`.
* `multi` - (Optional, type: bool) Indicate whether the zones can be used in a multi AZ configuration. Default to `false`. Multi AZ is usually used to launch RDS instances.
* `instanceChargeType` - (Optional) Filter the results by a specific ECS instance charge type. Valid values: `prePaid` and `postPaid`. Default to `postPaid`.
* `networkType` - (Optional) Filter the results by a specific network type. Valid values: `classic` and `vpc`.
* `spotStrategy` - - (Optional) Filter the results by a specific ECS spot type. Valid values: `noSpot`, `spotWithPriceLimit` and `spotAsPriceGo`. Default to `noSpot`.
* `outputFile` - (Optional) File name where to save data source results (after running `terraform plan`).
* `enableDetails` - (Optional, Available in 1.36.0+) Default to false and only output `id` in the `zones` block. Set it to true can output more details.
* `availableSlbAddressType` - (Available in 1.45.0+) Filter the results by a slb instance address type. Can be either `vpc`, `classicInternet` or `classicIntranet`
* `availableSlbAddressIpVersion` - (Available in 1.45.0+) Filter the results by a slb instance address version. Can be either `ipv4`, or `ipv6`.

-> **NOTE:** The disk category `cloud` has been outdated and can only be used by non-I/O Optimized ECS instances. Many availability zones don't support it. It is recommended to use `cloudEfficiency` or `cloudSsd`.

## Attributes Reference

The following attributes are exported in addition to the arguments listed above:

* `ids` - A list of zone IDs.
* `zones` - A list of availability zones. Each element contains the following attributes:
  * `id` - ID of the zone.
  * `localName` - Name of the zone in the local language.
  * `availableInstanceTypes` - Allowed instance types.
  * `availableResourceCreation` - Type of resources that can be created.
  * `availableDiskCategories` - Set of supported disk categories.
  * `multiZoneIds` - A list of zone ids in which the multi zone.
  * `slbSlaveZoneIds` - A list of slb slave zone ids in which the slb master zone.

<!-- cache-key: cdktf-0.17.0-pre.15 input-e5b933f2578d38ceed5e5f356f9cf17b62bc26711e2d6e1466b588895da1685f -->